                                 FINAL REPORT
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male status post intubation.  Evaluate endotracheal
 tube placement.
 
 COMPARISON:  Radiograph performed approximately two hours prior to this exam.
 
 TECHNIQUE:  Portable supine chest radiograph.
 
 FINDINGS:  A new endotracheal tube is seen, ending at the thoracic inlet,
 approximately 11 cm above the carina.  A right IJ line has also been placed in
 the interval and ends in the lower SVC.  Compared with prior exam, there is
 interval worsening of the opacification of the right hemithorax, with more
 conspicuous reticular opacities in the right lung base obscuring the right
 heart border which may be due to worsening infection and more confluent
 opacity over the right upper to mid hemithorax worrisome for further long
 collapse with overlying pleural effusion.  There is also interval development
 of diffuse interstitial markings in the left lung with perihilar predominance.
 Severe cardiomegaly is not significantly changed from prior.  Apparent
 interval widening of the vascular pedicle may be due to supine position;
 attention at followup.  There is a possible trace left pleural effusion.  No
 pneumothorax is identified.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 1.  Interval worsening of pulmonary edema, right upper lung collapse with
 underlying pleural effusion and right base opacity.  Apparent widening of the
 right paratracheal soft tissue may relate to supine position and worsening
 right pleural effusion/atelectasis.  In discussion with Dr. ___
 taking care of the patient, the clinical team has obtained good venous return
 from the newly placed right IJ line and there was no known difficulty with
 placement.  Recommend attention to this area and on follow-up chest
 radiography.  Discussed with Dr. ___ at 4:15pm on ___ via
 telephone.
 2.  Interval placement of endotracheal tube.  Advancement is recommended as
 the tip of the tube is seen 11 cm above the carina at the thoracic inlet.
 3.  Interval placement of right IJ line, terminating in the expected location
 of the low SVC without evidence of pneumothorax.
