                                 FINAL REPORT
 HISTORY:  SDH and parietal IPH after fall.  Increased white count; question
 cardiopulmonary process.
 
 CHEST, SINGLE AP PORTABLE VIEW
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___.
 
 Compared to the prior film and allowing for technical differences, I doubt
 significant interval drainage.  Again seen is a right subclavian PIC line with
 tip in the region of the SVC/RA junction.  Also again seen is a nasoenteric
 tube.  The current film raises the possibility that the distal portion of the
 tube is looped back on itself and the location of the tip is not confidently
 determined.  An additional perforated catheter overlies the left abdomen.  
 
 Cardiomediastinal silhouette is prominent, but unchanged.  There is
 engorgement of the upper zone vessels and mild vascular blurring, which is
 similar to the prior film.  There is increased retrocardiac density,
 consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation; and slight hazy
 density in the left infrahilar region, which are similar to prior film. 
 Minimal atelectasis at the right base.  Possible minimal blunting of the right
 costophrenic angle.  No gross effusion.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 1.  Doubt significant interval change in cardiopulmonary findings compared
 with ___ chest x-ray.
 
 2.  Increased retrocardiac density is consistent with left lower lobe collapse
 and/or consolidation.
 
 3.  CHF findings are also similar to the prior film.  
 
 4.  Dilation of the visualized portion of the colonic loops is again noted,
 though the perforated left abdominal catheter appears new.
 
 4.  Distal NG tube may loop upon itself.  The location of the distal tip
 cannot clearly be determined from this film, and the possibility that the tip
 loops and overlying the lower esophagus cannot be excluded.  If clinically
 indicated, a film centered in the lower abdomen with increased penetration may
 help to better evaluate the course of the NG tube.  A oblique view may also be
 useful in this regard.  
 
 Findings paged to the covering physician, ___. ___ at the time
 of discovery at 2:10 p.m. on the day of the exam and discussed shortly
 thereafter (___, phone).
