                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man with s/p AVR/MVR  // eval ptx
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 19:21
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 Multiple lines and tubes been removed.  No definite pneumothorax is
 identified.  Note is made of a developmental variant.  This is not fully
 evaluated on this examination, but apparently consists of enlarged bilateral
 C7 ribs that articulate with the ribcage antero laterally.  No clear
 articulation with the scapula or scapular deformity is detected.  If is
 associated with a bell-shaped thoracic cage.
 
 There is moderate to moderately severe cardiomegaly, with sternotomy wires and
 prosthetic valves noted.  The mediastinum is also slightly prominent in the
 cardiomediastinal silhouette is slightly indistinct.  This appearance is
 slightly improved compared with ___ including very slight interval
 improvement in the degree of cardiomegaly.  There is patchy opacity at the
 right lung base.  , significantly increased compared with ___.  No
 gross right effusion.  There is also patchy opacity at the left lung base,
 associated with slight improvement in the amount of retrocardiac density.  The
 left hemidiaphragm remains obscured.  The left costophrenic angle is slightly
 blunted, but better seen.
 
 There is slight upper zone redistribution and mild vascular plethora, without
 other evidence of CHF.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 No pneumothorax detected status post removal multiple lines and tubes.  Note
 is made that the lung apices are partially obscured by a developmental anomaly
 involving cervical ribs.
 
 Enlargement of the cardiomediastinal silhouette, compatible with recent
 surgery, slightly improved.   Right suprahilar patchy opacities noted to the
 improved.
 
 Increase patchy opacity at the right base.  Curvilinear appearance suggests
 some platelike atelectasis.  An early infiltrate is considered less likely but
 cannot be entirely excluded.
 
 Slight interval improvement in the left lower lobe collapse and/or
 consolidation.
 
 Small bilateral effusions cannot be excluded.
 
 Upper zone redistribution and mild vascular plethora, without other evidence
 of CHF.
