                                 FINAL REPORT
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old man with small bowel obstruction, aspiration
 pneumonia, evaluate NG tube placement.
 
 TECHNIQUE:  Portable AP chest radiograph.
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray earlier same-day ___ at 08:23.
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 Re-identified is a left chest cardiac device with associated dual leads
 projecting over the right atrium and ventricle in unchanged, appropriate
 location.  New since the prior exam is an enteric tube with distal tip
 projecting below the lower limit of the radiograph, however with side port
 seen projecting over the midline upper abdomen, difficult to definitively
 located however likely several cm distal to the GE junction.  Clip projecting
 over the left hemithorax is likely extracorporeal.
 
 The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, consistent with moderate
 cardiomegaly.  The hilar within normal limits.  Re-identified are multifocal
 airspace consolidations, most conspicuously affecting the medial right upper
 lobe and right lung base, partially visualized.  Increased hazy opacification
 of the left lower lung is noted, possibly technical in nature.  There is
 likely a small left pleural effusion.  Findings consistent with mild pulmonary
 vascular congestion are seen, incompletely evaluated on this study.  No
 pneumothorax is identified.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 In comparison to earlier same-day chest x-ray, new enteric tube is identified
 with tip projecting below the lower limit of the radiographic and side port
 projecting over the upper abdomen.  Allowing for changes due to patient
 rotation, side port and tip are likely within the gastric lumen.  Given
 indeterminate location of the GE junction on this study, recommend advancement
 by 4-5 cm for definitive positioning within the gastric lumen.  Other findings
 are unchanged, as above.
 
 RECOMMENDATION(S):  Advancement of new enteric tube by 4-5 cm.
 
 NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by
 ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 3:50 PM, 1 minutes
 after discovery of the findings.
