                                 FINAL REPORT
 HISTORY:  ___-year-old male, transfer, with endotracheal tube.
 
 TECHNIQUE:  Single frontal chest radiograph was obtained portably with the
 patient in a supine position.
 
 COMPARISON:  None available.
 
 FINDINGS:
 
 The endotracheal tube tip is approximately 2.4 cm above the carina.  A right
 internal jugular catheter terminates in the expected location of the mid to
 low superior vena cava.  An esophageal catheter terminates in the stomach with
 side port in the expected location of the gastroesophageal junction or distal
 esophagus.  Additional thin wiring coursing along the expected location of the
 esophagus and terminating in the left upper quadrant may represent temperature
 probes, but this is indeterminate on this study; 1 of these wires courses
 below the diaphragm and loops back superiorly to the level of the inferior
 heart.  Mediastinal clips are seen.  Additional metallic density hardware
 projects over the midline and right hilus.
 
 Lung volumes are low, exaggerating heart size.  No pneumothorax is detected on
 this single supine view.  There is a small right pleural effusion.  Bibasilar
 atelectasis and perihilar atelectasis is seen.  Vascular cephalization may be
 exaggerated by low lung volumes and supine positioning, but mild pulmonary
 vascular congestion is a consideration.
 
 Irregularity at the lateral right 5th rib may relate to a fracture. Chest CT
 is pending.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 1.  Endotracheal tube tip approximately 2.4 cm above the carina.
 
 2.  Esophageal catheter terminates in the region of the proximal stomach with
 side port in the expected location of the gastroesophageal junction or distal
 esophagus.  Suggest advancement so that it is well within the stomach.
 
 3.  Low lung volumes with small right pleural effusion, bibasilar atelectasis,
 and pulmonary vascular congestion.  Aspiration cannot be excluded as a cause
 of bibasilar opacities. 
 
 4.  Irregularity at the lateral right 5th rib may relate to a fracture. Chest
 CT is pending.
