                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with Bentall and complicated with left
 costal margin pain.  Evaluate for interval change of left lower lobe process.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 portable single view chest examination of ___.  Status post
 sternotomy unchanged.  No separation of circular sternal wires.  Unchanged
 appearance of post-operative surgical clips in mediastinum (status post
 Bentall).  No increased widening of mediastinal structures and no pneumothorax
 in the apical area.  Right hemithorax demonstrates a pulmonary vasculature
 without signs of vascular congestion or acute infiltrates.  On the left lung
 base extensive density in the left lower lobe area is present and obscures the
 diaphragmatic contours.  The lateral view demonstrates that these densities
 extend into the posterior pleural sinus on the left side whereas the
 right-sided diaphragm and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  Comparison is
 extended to a referred chest examination from an outside institution dated
 ___ and a referred chest CT examination of the same date. 
 Patient had an aortic root aneurysm with signs of extensive aortic dissection.
 Review of the chest CT demonstrated also an independent abnormality in the
 left lung in the form of a linear density in vertical orientation connecting
 with the diaphragm laterally and posteriorly.  It is also observed that this
 density had connections with the vascular system of the lung in its more
 centrally located portion.  The type of the abnormality cannot be identified
 with certainty but possibility of a chronic atelectasis, or perhaps an
 intra-lobar pulmonary sequestration may be entertained.  It is also unclear to
 what extent the present post-operative remaining much larger densities may
 have their origin related to this abnormality.  Dr. ___, the
 referring physician was paged at 3:15 p.m. and situation was discussed.
 Recommendation for further imaging will have to be based on patient's clinical
 history before the acute aortic dissection event. ? history of chronic
 pulmonary infections,previous chest x-rays, chest problems in early childhood
 etc.
