                                 FINAL REPORT
 HISTORY:  Recurrent pneumonia, status post fall, multiple left rib fractures,
 question worsening pneumothorax.
 
 CHEST, SINGLE AP PORTABLE VIEW.
 
 The patient is rotated and there are low inspiratory volumes.  A left-sided
 pacemaker is present, with lead tips over right atrium and right ventricle. 
 The patient is status post sternotomy, with mediastinal clips.  Allowing for
 low inspiratory volumes, there is probable cardiomegaly.  Prominence of the
 hila with a tapered appearance raises the question of pulmonary hypertension. 
 The aorta is calcified.  The left hemidiaphragm is elevated.  Increased
 retrocardiac density is consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or
 consolidation and small effusion.  Some atelectasis may also be present along
 the right superior mediastinum. No CHF.  No focal infiltrate or effusion on
 the right side.
 
 
 There are multiple right-sided rib fractures, though these are more likely not
 acute.  There is an old fracture of the left mid/lower left rib.  No definite
 acute rib fractures are identified, but portions of the left chest wall are
 obscured by the pacemaker.  
 
 At the extreme edge of this film, a part of a densely calcified or sclerotic
 lesion in the right proximal humerus is noted, ? densely calcified
 enchondroma.
 
 
 IMPRESSION:
 1.  Left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation and slight blunting of the
 left costophrenic angle, ? small effusion.  Much of this may relate to an
 elevated left hemidiaphragm and associated atelectasis.  If there is ongoing
 clinical concern for possible pneumonia, then a lateral view may help to
 better assess the left lower lobe.  No other focus suggestive of a pulmonary
 infiltrate is identified.
 2.  No pneumothorax detected.
 3.  Bilateral rib fractures, though difficult to assess which of these may be
 acute.
 4.  Sclerotic or calcified lesion in the right proximal humerus, not fully
 characterized.  However, this most likely represents a calcified enchondroma.
 
 Wet reading to this effect was discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___
 by phone at approximately 11:44 a.m. on the day of the exam.
