                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with allergies, recent cough,
 questionable infiltrate, especially on the left base.  Fever, productive
 cough, tachycardia.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 PA and lateral chest examination of ___.  The heart size is
 normal.  No configurational abnormality exists.  Mild widening and elongation
 of the thoracic aorta, but unchanged in comparison with previous study.
 Remarkable overall changes since the previous study is mild degree of volume
 loss of the upper half right-sided hemithorax, apparently related to multiple
 rib fractures ( ___ 4, 5, 6, 7 and possibly 8) now already demonstrating
 some increased callus formation and mild degree of a shortening.  There are no
 new pulmonary abnormalities in this area, although some decrease in volume be
 note, following this, apparently significant chest trauma.  Assuming that the
 trauma did not involve the left hemithorax, there are some new changes on the
 left side in the form of poorly delineated parenchymal densities overlying the
 fourth rib anteriorly , partially obliterating the cardiac left lateral
 contour suggestive of a pulmonary parenchymal infiltrate in the lingula. 
 Comparison with the old study also suggests some new densities on the right
 lung base resulting in a minor parenchymal infiltrate in the right lower lobe
 posterior segment.  These densities show matching findings on the lateral
 view.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Significant chest trauma in right side. Observe that next
 previous examination of ___ did not show similar changes. Does
 patient have history of severe thorax trauma during that time?  Acute
 parenchymal infiltrates in left upper lobe lingula as well as right lower lobe
 posterior segment are probably new..  Followup chest examination of the
 described  new acute parenchymal infiltrates is recommended after treatment.
