                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man with pneumothorax.  // ?interval
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 18 30
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 On the left, again seen is extensive subcutaneous emphysema.  The presence of
 a tiny left apical pneumothorax would be difficult to exclude.  Left-sided
 chest tube and pigtail catheter again noted, similar in configuration. 
 Streaky vertical linear lucency along the left heart border is again noted.
 
 The cardiomediastinal silhouette itself appears unchanged.  Small metallic
 densities superimposed over left heart are consistent with endobronchial
 valves.
 
 On the right, lung borders are difficult to delineate.  There is suspicion for
 a a small right apical pneumothorax.  There is also diffuse hyper lucency in
 the right lung.  The possibility of a more extensive a right-sided
 pneumothorax cannot be excluded.  However, is possible that this is
 predominately due to background emphysematous change.  Small ovoid band of
 density in the right mid zone could represent a small amount of fluid in the
 minor fissure.  Minimal patchy opacity in the right cardiophrenic region
 --___ atelectasis or scarring.
 
 Mild fullness of central and upper zone vasculature, unchanged, without overt
 CHF.  No gross effusion.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Extensive left-sided subcutaneous emphysema again seen.  Chest tubes in
 unchanged configuration.
 
 Possible small left apical pneumothorax.
 
 Linear lucencies along left heart border--___ pneumomediastinum versus
 pneumothorax deep to the medial side of the lung.  Possibility of a small
 amount of air extending from subcutaneous emphysema seen about the neck of the
 cause for pneumo mediastinal air cannot be excluded.
 
 Suspect small right apical pneumothorax.
 
 More diffuse hyper lucency in the right lung could be due to emphysematous
 change, though the possibility of an occult pneumothorax outside of the right
 apex cannot be excluded.
 
 Probable small amount of fluid in the minor fissure.
