                                 FINAL REPORT
 DATE:  ___.
 
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with COPD, still coughing status post
 antibiotic treatment, rhonchorous breath sounds bilaterally.  Evaluate for
 infiltrates.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 available chest examination ___ ___.  The heart size is at the upper
 limit of normal variation.  No typical configurational abnormality is seen,
 however, there is a relative prominence of the left ventricular contour to the
 left and posteriorly.  The thoracic aorta is of unchanged and ordinary
 ___.  No mediastinal abnormalities are present.  The pulmonary
 vasculature is not congested.  No acute parenchymal infiltrates can be
 identified.  Similar as on the preceding study, there exists a peripheral
 linear density with some crowded vasculature in the lower left lung fields
 abutting the cardiac contours and compatible with the previously made
 suggestion of an atelectasis in the lingula.  The appearance of these findings
 is completely unchanged and suggests scar formations of previous inflammatory
 processes.  An additional subtle change is the more prominent visibility of
 the minor fissure on the right side, possibly suggestive of mild beginning
 pulmonary congestion with lung wetness of the subpleural spaces.  Significant
 pleural effusions in the lateral or posterior pleural sinuses, however, cannot
 be identified.  The lateral view discloses again relatively low positioned and
 flattened diaphragms, a finding consistent with the patient's diagnosis of
 COPD.
 
 IMPRESSION:  No evidence of new acute pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates. 
 Although a very subtle finding, the increased visibility of the minor fissure
 is suggestive of possible beginning pulmonary congestion in this patient with
 a borderline heart size.  It is therefore recommended to address patient's
 cardiac function which may be the cause of beginning mild degree of chronic
 pulmonary congestion.
