                                 FINAL REPORT
 INDICATION:  Known pulmonary fibrosis, presenting for coarse breath sounds and
 tachycardia.
 
 TECHNIQUE:  Two views of the chest.
 
 COMPARISON:  Multiple prior examinations, most recent dated ___.
 
 FINDINGS:  As compared to the prior exam, lung volumes are lower.  There are
 increased interstitial markings which could indicate a degree of superimposed
 edema over known pulmonary fibrosis but the appearance is not specific.  More
 patchy opacification at the left base could represent developing infection. 
 Known right upper lobe pulmonary nodules are better seen by CT.   
 
 No significant pleural effusion is seen.  No pneumothorax is present.  The
 heart size is within normal limits.  There is tortuosity of the aorta.  The
 patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  A ventriculoperitoneal
 shunt is partially imaged with the shunt coursing along the right neck and
 coursing to the right and appears to terminate in the upper chest.  This is
 similar to the immediate prior examination; however, on the examination of
 ___, the shunt continued along the midline anterior to chest and
 entered the abdomen.
 
 Degenerative changes with apparent resorption of the left distal clavicle and
 widening of the acromioclavicular interval appear similar.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 1.  Patchy opacity at the left base concerning for developing infection.
 
 2.  A ventriculoperitoneal shunt appears to terminate in the upper chest and
 is no longer continuous to the abdomen.  Per report, this is related to recent
 bowel surgery.
 
 3.  Prominent interstitial markings could represent superimposed edema or
 exacerbation over known pulmonary fibrosis.
 
 4.  Known pulmonary nodules with possible increased nodularity on the left,
 better assessed by prior PET-CT of ___.  Given the multiple
 superimposed findings, if there is concern for disease progression, CT may be
 helpful if clinically indicated, since the status of nodules is not well
 assessed by radiography.
