                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man s/p emergent CABG/open chest  // eval for pleural
 effusions
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray dated ___ at 04:13
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 A prosthetic valve is present.  No sternotomy wires are seen, though multiple
 ___  are noted centered around the mediastinal midline.
 
 Three ___.6 mm cylindrical opacities are seen , 2 overlying the
 cardiomediastinal silhouette and 1 overlying the L1 vertebral body in the
 midline. These are similar to the previous study.  The intra-aortic balloon
 pump is no longer visualized.
 
 Scattered gauzes are seen, 1 adjacent to the left hilum, 1 overlying the
 cardiac silhouette, and 1 near the level of the GE junction.  An additional
 tape overlies the upper mediastinum, near the aortic knob.
 
 A Swan-Ganz catheter is present from an inferior approach and overlies the
 proximal right pulmonary artery
 
 There appear to be ___ mediastinal drains.  There are 2 chest tubes, 1 on each
 side.
 
 An ET tube is present, tip approximately 4.9 cm above the carina.  An NG tube,
 which courses slightly to the right of midline,  is present, tip beneath
 diaphragm overlying the stomach.  The sideport lies in the region of the GE
 junction, probably just beyond it.
 
 The cardiomediastinal silhouette is prominent, compatible with recent surgery,
 similar to the prior film.
 
 Compared to the most recent prior film, the hazy opacity in the right midzone
 is improved considerably.  Hazy retrocardiac and left perihilar opacity is
 similar to prior.
 
 There is upper zone redistribution mild vascular plethora, without other
 evidence of CHF.  No effusion is seen on the frontal view.
 
 Large (3.4 x 4.1 cm) with calcific calcification in the right upper quadrant
 likely represents a large gallstone.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Multiple findings related to mediastinal surgery, detailed above. The
 intra-aortic balloon pump is no longer visualized.
 Gauzes are noted.
 
 Mild vascular plethora, consistent with mild CHF.
 
 Interval improvement in previously seen right lung hazy opacity, question
 resolving pulmonary edema.  Mild retrocardiac opacity and left perihilar
 persist.
 
 No new consolidation.  No effusion.  No pneumothorax detected.
 
 Large gallstone noted.
