                                 FINAL REPORT
 HISTORY:  Bilateral chest tubes increasing ventilatory requirements, evaluate
 left pneumothorax.
 
 CHEST, SINGLE AP PORTABLE VIEW.
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray dated ___ at 10:39 a.m.
 
 The carina is not well demonstrated, but the ET tube appears to lie
 approximately 6.2 cm above the carina.  A right IJ central line tip overlies
 the proximal SVC.  A left-sided tube lies along the left lateral edge of the
 upper mediastinum and may represent a chest tube.  An additional chest tube,
 extending from a left lateral approach, overlies the left mid lung.  
 
 
 There is extensive subcutaneous emphysema, which makes it difficult to exclude
 a tiny pneumothorax.  Thin rim of lucency along the medial wall of the left
 lung could represent a tiny pneumothorax.  However, the lung is well expanded,
 with only minimal atelectasis at the left base.  Again seen is a focal opacity
 in left suprahilar region.  This appears less pronounced on today's exam and
 could represent a resolving process.  The left hilum itself is prominent on
 today's exam.  The right lung is also obscured due to overlying extensive
 subcutaneous emphysema.  There is possible hazy opacity in the right upper
 zone, which is new or more pronounced than on the prior study.  There is
 relative sparing of the right lung base.  No gross effusion. No right-sided
 ptx is detected.
 
 Again seen is a tiny sliver of lucency along the inferior heart border.  This
 could represent a small amount of residual pericardial air, demonstrated in
 greater detail on the CT from ___.  It is better seen on today's CXR
 compared with the prior chest x-ray ,due to differences in x-ray beam
 centering.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 1.  Lines and tubes as described.
 
 2.  Extensive subcutaneous emphysema, which limits detail in the lungs.
 
 3.  No obvious left-sided pneumothorax, though a tiny left pneumothorax would
 be difficult to exclude.
 
 4.  Prominent left hilum, possibly more so than on ___.  Left mid zone
 opacity, however, is present, but smaller.
 
 5.  Hazy opacity of right upper lung of uncertain significance, more
 pronounced than on the prior study, but overall similar to a film dated ___
 at 00:05 a.m. Differential diagnosis includes layering pleural fluid,
 atelectasis, or possible parenchymal consolidation.
 
 6.  Minimal atelectasis at the left lung base probably slightly improved. 
 Doubt CHF.  No gross effusion.
