                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man with food impaction and aspiration pneumonia s/p
 endoscopy with removal of food bolus  // interval change
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at ___ 5 p.m.
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 The carina is not well delineated.  However, the tip of the ET tube probably
 lies approximately 2.7 cm above the carina.  Note is made that it points
 toward the right-side of the tracheal  wall.
 
 There are low inspiratory volumes, which likely contributes to accentuation of
 the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  Again seen are opacities at both lung
 bases, consistent with bibasilar collapse and/or consolidation.  Small
 effusions cannot be excluded.  There is upper zone redistribution, also likely
 accentuated by low lung volumes.
 
 Compared with ___ inspiratory volumes are lower, likely accounting for
 increased confluent confluence of the basilar opacities.  Otherwise, no
 definite interval change.
 
 In left upper quadrant of the abdomen, a thin rim of lucency projects
 immediately outside what is thought to represent air within the stomach.  Is
 there reason to suspect free air outside the stomach wall?  Otherwise, this
 could represent artifact due to superimposition of portions of the stomach. 
 No obvious pneumomediastinum.  No pneumothorax detected.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Low inspiratory volumes, lower than on the most recent prior study.
 
 Continued bibasilar opacities, consistent with bibasilar collapse and/or
 consolidation.  Although they appear somewhat more confluent, this is likely
 accentuated by lower lung volumes.  The possibility of small effusions cannot
 be excluded.
 
 There is mild vascular plethora, also not definitely increased, allowing for
 low lung volumes.
 
 ET tube not well delineated, but likely lying approximately 2.7 cm above the
 carina.
 
 Unusual double contour appearance of the stomach, immediately inferior to the
 left hemidiaphragm.  Clinical correlation is requested.  Is there reason to
 suspect a small amount of air free air outside the stomach?  Otherwise, this
 could represent artifact due to superimposition different portions of the
 stomach.
