                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man with STEMI  // assess ET tube and interval change
 
 TECHNIQUE:  AP supine portable view
 
 COMPARISON:  CHEST X-RAY FROM ___. AT 03:42
 
 FINDINGS:
 
 
 The ET tube lies approximately 5.4 cm above the carina, with its tip at the
 level of the mid clavicular heads, similar to the prior film. An NG tube is
 present, tip extending beneath diaphragm, curling in the expected location of
 the gastric fundus, also similar to prior.
 
 An intra-aortic balloon pump is present. It appears to lie more distal in the
 descending aorta than on the prior film. Although the aortic knob is not well
 delineated, the radiopaque tip of the inferior bone pump appears to lie
 slightly inferior to the expected site of the inferior edge of aortic knob,
 nominal in alignment. An inferior approach catheter is present. This likely
 represents a Swan-Ganz catheter, with tip superimposed over the main pulmonary
 artery. A large caliber tube or catheter lies immediately to the right of
 midline, extending from inferior to overlie the upper/mid thoracic spine.
 
 Again seen are opacities in both lungs, most pronounced in the upper lobes,
 where either fluid or pleural parenchymal scarring may also be present. On the
 left, there is dense opacity throughout the upper and mid zones. On the right,
 there are opacities in a similar distribution, but these do not appear is
 density appearance.
 Compared to a semi supine film from very early the same-day (just after
 midnight), there appears to been some leftward shift of the mediastinum,
 raising the question of volume loss in the left lung. The left hemidiaphragm
 canal appears tented and the diaphragm is also partially obscured medially.
 This appearance is similar to the film from 03:42 a.m..
 
 
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. ET tube tip at level of mid clavicular heads, approximately 5.4 cm above
 the carina, essentially unchanged.
 2. Interval distal retraction of the radiopaque portion of the intra-aortic
 balloon pump. I suspect that the tip now lies very slightly below the inferior
 edge of the aortic knob, nominal in position.
 3. Findings suggestive of left-sided volume loss, with leftward shift of
 mediastinum.
 4. Opacities in both lungs, within upper zone predominance and relative
 sparing of the bases. This is similar to multiple prior films, though the
 difference in degree of opacity --___ much denser on the left-- has progressed
 compared with the initial film. The reason for this is uncertain.  While it
 could be technical, it may also be accentuated by atelectasis/volume loss.
 5. Increased retrocardiac density, consistent with left lower lobe collapse
 and/or consolidation, has also progressed since the initial film. This may be
 accentuated by supine positioning.
