                                 FINAL REPORT
 DATE:  ___.
 
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with new CRT-D device.  Evaluate lead
 position.
 
 FINDINGS:  Patient's condition required examination in sitting upright
 position using AP frontal and left lateral views.  Comparison is made with the
 examination of the preceding day, ___.  On the frontal view, the
 findings are unchanged.  There is status post sternotomy and the presence of
 multiple surgical clips mostly in the anterior left-sided mediastinum are
 indicative of previous bypass surgery.  Moderate cardiac enlargement is
 present; prominence of the left ventricular contour to the left and
 posteriorly.  Left atrial enlargement appears moderate.  A permanent pacer
 device is again identified in left anterior axillary position.  There exists a
 total of three intracavitary electrodes.  One of these terminates in a
 position compatible with right atrial appendage.  The second, a ICD cable with
 enforced electrodes and terminating in the apical portion of the right
 ventricle.  A third electrode aims at stimulation of the left ventricular
 myocardium and is seen to enter the venous coronary sinus from the right
 atrium advancing in rectrograde direction until reaching the level of the
 contour of the left atrium when the electrode turns into left-sided direction
 to terminate at the superior and slightly posterior direction.  This
 termination point is compatible with a obtuse marginal coronary vein in rather
 central position.  Evaluation of the entire electrode course required
 manipulation with density changes on the lateral view.  Again there is no
 evidence of pneumothorax and the pulmonary vasculature does not show any
 significant signs of vascular congestion.  No pleural effusions are found in
 the lateral or posterior pleural sinuses.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Third electrode for left myocardial stimulation via coronary
 venous system terminates in a location compatible with proximal portion of the
 left ventricular lateral wall.  Considering findings as illustrated on
 previous echocardiogram, the electrode is likely to stimulate the better
 preserved portions of the left ventricle.  Appropriate capture, however, must
 be confirmed electrographically.
