                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with history of CHF, bilateral pacemaker
 for deep brain stimulation and opacities seen on previous chest examination. 
 Evaluate for any change.
 
 PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position. 
 Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar
 study of ___.  Status post sternotomy, moderate degree of
 cardiac enlargement unchanged.  The mediastinal cardiovascular configuration
 includes a mild prominence of the main pulmonary artery contour and a moderate
 prominence of the posterior wall of the left atrium as seen on the lateral
 view.  No intracardiac calcifications can be identified.  Pulmonary
 vasculature has a chronic mild degree of congestive pattern with prominence of
 central pulmonary vasculature, but there is presently no evidence of distended
 pulmonary veins, upper zone re-distribution or interstitial edema.  The
 lateral and posterior pleural sinuses remain free from any fluid accumulation.
 Unchanged appearance of previously present bilateral electronic stimulators
 with cables towards head (patient has parkinsonism).
 
 Acute parenchymal infiltrates cannot be identified.  Comparison with the next
 preceding chest examination, ___.  Findings must be considered
 to be stable and unchanged.  Comparison is extended to the portable chest
 examination of ___; patient was acutely congested with distended
 pulmonary vasculature and considerable perivascular haze.  On a PA and lateral
 chest examination of ___; at that time the PA and lateral chest
 views demonstrated slightly more advanced chronic pulmonary congestion.  Mild
 degree of pleural effusion in the posterior pleural sinuses and accentuated
 visibility of the interlobar fissures.  These findings are consistent with
 episodic fluid overloads in this patient with history of mitral valve
 annuloplasty x 2.
 
 IMPRESSION: Grosly stable chest findings.  No evidence of significant acute
 pulmonary congestion.
