                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with palpitations, shortness of breath. 
 Evaluate for infectious process.
 
 PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views have been obtained with patient in
 upright position.  The heart size is normal.  No configurational abnormality
 is seen.  Thoracic aorta mildly widened and elongated, but no local contour
 abnormalities are present.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  There
 are multiple linear peripheral densities in both lungs.  They are located in
 the right upper lobe area lateral segment on the right side.  Also some linear
 atelectasis resembling densities are present on the right lung base partially
 overlying the diaphragmatic contours.  Most marked linear densities are
 present on the left lung base where a crowded retrocardiac pulmonary
 vasculature is observed.  Remarkable is that the lateral and posterior pleural
 sinuses are free from any fluid accumulation or significant pleural
 thickening.  Apical area does not reveal any pneumothorax.  Skeletal
 structures are grossly unremarkable.
 
 Our records do not include a previous chest examination available for
 comparison.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Multiple linear densities in peripheral location in both lungs. 
 These changes are most marked on the left base in retrocardiac location.  In
 the latter area, parenchymal densities of peribronchial infiltrate nature are
 suspected.  Absence of any pleural abnormalities.
 
 The described changes give the impression of chronic abnormalities such as
 multiple peripheral atelectases and scar formations in a patient with perhaps
 COPD.  Our records have no previous chest examinations available for
 comparison.  Followup examination is recommended.  One could also consider
 recommendation for CT to evaluate the rather advanced and unusual chest
 findings in this patient without apparent pulmonary history.
