                                 FINAL REPORT
 HISTORY:  Chest tube to waterseal, question pneumothorax.
 
 CHEST, SINGLE AP VIEW
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray dated ___ at 7:41 a.m.
 
 The patient is status post esophagogastrectomy. Chain sutures are noted. There
 is prominence of the right paratracheal/mediastinal soft tissues.  At least
 some of this is accounted for by the esophagogastrectomy procedure, but the
 possibility of superimposed hemorrhage would be difficult to exclude in this
 setting.  
 
 Multiple lines and tubes overlie the chest.  A right Port-A-Cath is present,
 tip over right atrium, unchanged.  The ET tube has been removed.  A right NG
 type tube is present, with the tip beneath the diaphgram and the side port
 overlying the lowermost right chest.
 Banklike density to the right of the mid and lower thoracic spine is thought
 to represent a drain.   A right chest tube is present, unchanged.  An epidural
 catheter is present. Tubing is seen to the right of the cervical and upper
 thoracic spine separate from the NG tube, question outside of patient. 
 
 The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unchanged.    Inspiratory volumes
 are lower, but there is more hazy density and slight increase in the degree of
 vascular plethora.  There is increased atelectasis at both lung bases.  There
 is slightly increased retrocardiac density, consistent with left lower lobe
 collapse and/or consolidation and new obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm. 
 Possible small amount of left pleural fluid, accounting for the blunting of
 the left costophrenic angle.  
 
 Skin ___ noted.  No pneumothorax is identified.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 1.  Multiple lines and tubes as described.  ET tube appears to have been
 removed.  The side port of the NG tube overlies the lowermost chest.
 
 2.  Prominence of the right paramediastinal soft tissues presumably
 postoperative.    There is more focal prominence of the soft tissues about the
 chain sutures on the current exam, of indeterminate significance.If there were
 concern for hematoma, this would be difficult to exclude.
 
 3.  No obvious pneumothorax detected.
 
 4.  Worsening left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation.
 
 5.  Slight decrease in the degree of inspiratory volume may account for hazy
 density, but this may also reflect some increased atelectasis and vascular
 plethora.
 
 6.  Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic angle without gross effusion.
