                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with temperature maximum to ___.8 on
 postoperative day.  Status post T12-L4 laminectomy.  Evaluate for pneumonia.
 
 FINDINGS:  Patient's clinical condition required examination in sitting
 position using AP frontal and left lateral view.  Available for comparison is
 the next preceding PA and lateral chest examination of ___.  The
 heart size remains within normal limits and is unchanged.  Mild degree of
 thoracic widening and elongation is noted, but no new local contour
 abnormalities are seen.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested; however,
 similar as on the preceding examination, irregular peripheral pulmonary
 distribution is consistent with COPD.  No pneumothorax is identified in the
 apical area.  There is  evidence of free air in the peritoneal cavity
 collecting under the right diaphragm.  In the left hemithorax, the patient had
 on previous examinations, rather advanced scar formations in the pleura on the
 left base with partial obliteration of the lateral pleural sinus.  In
 addition, the patient had a pneumonic infiltrate in the left upper lobe
 laterally and on the right side in the lower lobe base.  At that time, acute
 infiltrates have disappeared, but the left basal pleural scar formations
 remain.  When comparing the frontal views, one can identify a new
 triangular-shaped density in retrocardiac position, which is also seen on the
 lateral view.  There is no evidence of new pleural free effusion and no
 pneumothorax is present in the apical area.
 
 IMPRESSION:  New parenchymal infiltrate in left lower lobe posterior segment
 comparison with next previous chest examination of ___. 
 Considering that the patient is postoperative day 3 following laminectomy
 operation, the newly described density is indicative of an atelectasis. 
 Combination of atelectasis and fever speaks in favor of overlying infection
 and treatment is recommended with radiographic followup.  Referring physician,
 ___, was paged at 3:20 p.m. As no response was achieved, telephone
 call to the intensive care unit  ___ was made and the responsible nurse,
 ___, was contacted.  She received the message that a new pulmonary
 infiltrate was noted which should be treated.
