                                 FINAL REPORT
 DATE:  ___.
 
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest, PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient, evaluate effusions.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest films were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding portable single view
 chest examination of ___.  Patient is not examined in upright
 position using PA and lateral projections.  Moderate enlargement of heart
 silhouette in comparison with the preoperative chest examination of ___.  In addition to the previously existing bypass surgery, the patient
 has now received an aortic valve prosthesis (metallic components identified
 suggest porcine valve) located in appropriate position.  On the lateral view
 prostheses replaces the previously identified star shaped heavy aortic valve
 calcifications.  Present cardiac enlargement is likely the result of some
 postoperative pericardial effusion.  The distance between surgical graft clips
 and outer cardiac contour has increased.  On the frontal view, mild blunting
 of the lateral pleural sinuses is seen.  On the right side, some fluid enters
 also the minor fissure.  These findings are rather small and on the lateral
 view only mild blunting of the posterior pleural sinuses is noted.  Linear
 density in the left lung base in retrocardiac position suggests presence of a
 left lower lobe posterior atelectasis.  It was not present on the preoperative
 examination.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area and the
 pulmonary vasculature demonstrates no evidence of increased congestion at this
 time.  The next preceding portable chest examination of ___ identified
 basal densities most likely represented pleural effusions that were partially
 layering in the posterior pleural compartments.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Porcine aortic valve prosthesis is in place, postoperative
 enlargement of cardiac contours with no evidence of pulmonary vascular
 congestion.  Bilateral small pleural effusions and partial atelectasis in left
 lower lobe posterior segment.  No pneumothorax.  Followup examination in a
 month or two is recommended to document resolution of these postoperative
 changes.
