                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with past medical history of
 decompensated ethanol cirrhosis with varices, ascites and encephalopathy.  Was
 admitted for hematemesis status post EGD showing no focal source of bleeding,
 hospital course complicated with abdominal distention and likely ileus, fever
 and tachycardia.  Evaluate for interval change.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  There is moderate cardiac enlargement.  No typical configurational
 abnormality can be identified.  Lateral view does not show any conclusive
 evidence for significant pericardial effusion.  Thoracic aorta mildly widened
 with a few calcium deposits in the wall at the level of the arch but no local
 contour abnormalities are present.  The pulmonary vasculature demonstrates
 extensive perivascular haze bilaterally at the bases as well as in the mid
 portions of the lung fields.  In addition there are number of scattered
 somewhat confluenting infiltrates in the lung bases, somewhat more on the
 right than the left.  On the left side the lateral pleural sinus is mildly
 blunted and the lateral view demonstrates extension of some pleural effusions
 in both posterior pleural sinuses.  There exists a diffuse haze in the left
 upper lobe area which raises the possibility of an acute infection.  This
 density appears to have increased since the next preceding portable chest
 examinations of ___.
 
 Comparison with multiple preceding portable chest examinations obtained
 between ___ and ___ is little rewarding as the portable
 examinations concentrated most on the delineation of the NG tube.  When
 comparison is extended to a more remote chest examination of ___
 the cardiac enlargement has developed since that time and that no pleural
 effusions or acute pulmonary infiltrates were present.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Persistent moderate cardiac enlargement with bilateral pleural
 effusions and plate atelectasis on the bases, suspicious new acute pneumonic
 infection in left upper lobe area.  No pneumothorax.
