                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  Portable chest radiograph.
 
 INDICATION:  Pneumothorax  // chest tube placement
 
 TECHNIQUE:  Portable AP chest
 
 COMPARISON:  Portable chest radiograph from ___ performed at
 10:23 AM
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 Left-sided PICC line has its tip projecting over the distal left
 brachiocephalic vein, unchanged in position from prior taking into account the
 patient's rotation.  Left-sided chest tube is no longer kinked with its side
 hole about the left chest wall.  Small left medial and basilar pneumothorax
 appears mildly increased compared to prior.  Extensive subcutaneous emphysema
 throughout the left chest wall and both sides of the neck is also mildly
 increased compared to prior. Dobbhoff and NG tubes have their tips projecting
 below the diaphragm.  The patient is status post esophagectomy and gastric
 pull-through, with residual oral contrast noted in the neo esophagus. 
 Surgical clips are again noted about the mediastinum.  Small to moderate
 bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged.  Consolidative  opacities in both
 lung bases could represent atelectasis, however superimposed infection cannot
 be excluded.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Left-sided PICC line has its tip projecting over the distal left
 brachiocephalic vein, unchanged in position from prior taking into account the
 patient's rotation.  Left-sided chest tube is no longer kinked with its side
 hole about the left chest wall.  Small left medial and basilar pneumothorax
 appears mildly increased compared to prior. Extensive subcutaneous emphysema
 throughout the left chest wall and  bilateral neck is also mildly increased
 compared to prior. Dobbhoff and NG tubes have their tips projecting below the
 diaphragm. The patient is status post esophagectomy and gastric pull-through,
 with residual oral contrast noted in the neo esophagus.  Surgical clips are
 again noted about the mediastinum. Small to moderate bilateral pleural
 effusions are unchanged. Consolidative opacities in both lung bases could
 represent atelectasis, however superimposed infection cannot be excluded.
 
 NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___ ___, M.D. by ___
 ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 6:32 PM, 10 minutes
 after discovery of the findings.
