                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man s/p BLE thrombectomy and LLE BKA  // follow up
 edema/effusions
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 17:13
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 History for prior chest x-ray indicates the patient is status post
 esophagectomy and gastric pull-through.
 
 Rotated positioning.  ET tube tip lies 8 cm above the carina at the level of
 the midclavicular heads.  This lies relatively high and advancement clinical
 correlation regarding advancement is requested.  An orogastric type tube
 extends to the right and mediastinum, beneath the diaphragm off the film.  An
 additional linear density follows the same course.
 
 Again seen is the left subclavian central line does not cross the midline to
 the SVC.  Rather, the tip projects over the distal left brachiocephalic vein,
 similar to prior.
 
 No well-defined pneumothorax is identified.  There remains subtle lucency at
 the left base laterally and along the medial aspect of the left lung near the
 aortic knob which could represent some residual loculated pneumothorax.
 
 Again seen is the left chest tube with the sideport very slightly retracted
 compared to prior film, now all straddling the outer cortex of the chest wall.
 
 Retrocardiac density, opacity at the right base, pleural fluid and/or
 thickening along the upper right chest wall are all similar and some hazy
 opacity in the left mid zone are all similar to the prior study.  Extensive
 subcutaneous emphysema is also similar to the prior study.  Mediastinal clips
 again noted.  Previously seen contrast in the neo esophagus has passed.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Lines and tubes as described.
 
 
 -Of note, the left chest tube has probably retracted very slightly compare
 with the prior film, such that its side-port straddles the outer left chest
 wall.
 -In addition, as before, the left subclavian central line does not cross the
 midline to reach the SVC.
 -ET tube lies 8 cm above the carina at the level of midclavicular heads. 
 Clinical correlation regarding possible advancement is requested.
 
 Extensive subcutaneous emphysema.  Areas of lucency in the left lung adjacent
 to the aortic knob and at the base of the left lung could represent residual
 pneumothoraces, but are less distinct on today's exam.
 
 Other bilateral areas of opacity are similar to the prior study.  The presence
 or absence of CHF and the infectious consolidations would be difficult to
 exclude in this setting.
