                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with sarcoidosis with shortness of
 breath.  Evaluate for sarcoid changes, hilar lymphadenopathy or infiltrates.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 similar study of ___.  Previously described moderate cardiomegaly
 persists.  No change in cardiac configuration, thus no typical valvular
 abnormality is seen.  Thoracic aorta unremarkable as before.  The pulmonary
 vasculature is not congested.  As seen on previous examination, there is an
 increased interstitial pattern in both lungs, predominantly in the upper lung
 zones.  This persists in comparison with the previous study.  There is now a
 general appearance of nodular parenchymal densities in the periphery evenly
 distributed in all lung regions.  Comparison suggests that this nodular
 pattern was not as prominent on the previous examination.  Comparison of the
 hilar structures does not demonstrate any significant interval change.  As the
 patient has undergone multiple chest examinations over the years, a quick
 review of multiple films is undertaken.  On a chest examination of ___, the interstitial pulmonary changes predominantly in the upper lobe
 areas were already present.  No significant hilar adenopathy could be seen. 
 On chest x-ray of ___, no significant interval change can be seen,
 possibly slight improvement.  A chest examination of ___
 demonstrated normal findings; however, persisting mild degree of interstitial
 abnormalities as before.  A chest examination of ___ described unchanged
 interstitial abnormalities, but no new peripheral parenchymal abnormalities,
 pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Moderate degree of globular cardiac
 enlargement was noted.  On the last preceding examination of ___, the
 interstitial changes appeared unaltered.  However, there probably was a
 beginning of small nodular density in the periphery, which now has developed
 into more prominent densities.  Thus, the present findings are suggestive of
 more advanced stage II pulmonary sarcoidosis.  Consider treatment and further
 followup.
