                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest AP portable single view.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with right-sided lung mass and bronchial
 stent placement.  Status post rigid bronchoscopy, stent cleaning.  Assess
 stent placement.  History of pneumothorax on right.
 
 FINDINGS:  AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in
 semi-upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar
 study ___.  During this two-day examination interval, the patient
 underwent a chest CT examination on ___, which is consequently also
 reviewed.
 
 Enlarged heart size as before.  Permanent pacer in left anterior axillary
 position connected to two-three electrodes including ICD device, right atrial
 wire and left ventricular myocardium stimulation via a trans-coronary-venous
 approach.  Pulmonary vascular congestion as before.  The right-sided pigtail
 catheter remains in the lower lateral portion of the pleural space, and there
 is no evidence of remaining significant pneumothorax in the right apical area.
 The right-sided density in the lower-middle lobe area persists.  Similar as on
 the preceding image of ___, it is impossible to identify the stent which
 apparently was placed in the common bronchus to the right middle lobe and
 lower lobe.  This finding was well visualized on the CT study where only
 spurious evidence of some air could be identified in the more distal depending
 pulmonary parenchymal area.  As can be seen on a chest CT, the bronchus to the
 right upper lobe divides into two major branches, the lower of which supplies
 the mid territory of the right hemithorax and also contains multiple patchy
 infiltrates.  The right-sided infrahilar mass density which in location
 matches the stent does not show evidence of any air-containing pulmonary
 parenchymal tissue distally to the stent.
 
 IMPRESSION:  No evidence of significant pneumothorax.  Persistent mass lesion
 with evidence for obstruction to distal airways in right lower lobe area.
