                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man s/p CABG/AVR  // eval for pleural effusions
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 07:46
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 ETT tube, NG tube, and right and left IJ lines are similar to the prior study.
 
 Again seen is the left chest tube.  The sideport now lies slightly more
 proximal/ lateral, partially overlying the left chest wall, suggesting slight
 interval retraction.  Allowing for this, the appearance of left lung is
 grossly unchanged, with increased retrocardiac density, hazy density along the
 left chest wall, and fluid tracking along the left lung apex.  Suspect left
 pleural effusion.  No left-sided pneumothorax or subcutaneous emphysema along
 the left chest wall.
 
 The appearance of the right lung is also similar, with evidence for
 interstitial edema, hazy opacity at the right base, and probable small
 effusion.  Lucency previously seen along the right chest wall raising the
 possibility of a skin fold versus pneumothorax is no longer visualized.  No
 evidence of right-sided pneumothorax is detected on the current study.
 
 Cardiomegaly, prosthetic valve, and sternotomy wires, are similar to prior. 
 There is CHF, with interstitial and probable alveolar edema, which may be very
 slightly improved compared 1 day previous.
 
 Again seen is an iatrogenic linear density, with tip overlying the lateral
 border of the scapula.  The appearance is suggestive of a PICC line, though
 note is made that is not that it does not extend into the chest itself.  The
 appearance is unchanged compared with ___ at 13 44.
 
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Suspect very slight interval retraction of left chest tube.  The appearance of
 the left chest, however, is grossly unchanged compared 1 day earlier.
 
 Pulmonary edema, with possible slight improvement compared with 1 day earlier.
 
 Linear lucency along right chest wall no longer visualized --___ presumably
 represented artifact due to a skin fold.  Otherwise, the appearance of the
 right chest is grossly unchanged.
 
 No pneumothorax detected.
 
 Linear density with tip overlying lateral border right scapula, unchanged. 
 Clinical correlation is requested.  The appearance is suggestive of a PICC
 line.  However, it does not reach the expected location of the right
 subclavian vein and does not extend into the chest itself.
