                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man with s/p thoracoabd an. repair  // eval pulm
 edema
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 20:59
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 This study was obtained as multiple partial views of the chest, which limits
 assessment.
 
 The ET tube tip approximately 7.6 cm above the carina, along the inferior edge
 of the clavicular heads on the lordotic view.  Left subclavian central line
 tip overlies the confluence of the innominate vein and SVC.  Right IJ
 Swan-Ganz catheter overlies the region of the RV outlet, similar to the prior
 film.  The NG tube tip is not well visualized.  Allowing for this, it probably
 lies just beyond the EG junction and appears retracted compared with the prior
 study.
 
 Assessment of pleural parenchymal findings is quite limited due to the
 technique.  Allowing for this, again seen is pleural fluid and/or thickening
 at the left lung apex.  The degree of opacification in the left upper and mid
 zones appears increased.  The left costophrenic angle is newly visible, though
 the retrocardiac opacity persists.  Clips are again noted overlying the left
 chest.  Curvilinear lucency along the inferior edge of the right heart base is
 noted.  No definite pneumothorax is detected .
 
 The right lung is overall similar to the prior study.
 
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. Lines and tubes as described.  Probable interval retraction of the NG
 tube--___ tip now lies in the region of the GE junction, probably just beyond
 it.
 2. Limited assessment of the chest due to the absence of a single image that
 includes the entire chest.  Allowing for this, there does appear to be
 increased opacification of the left upper and mid zones --  question
 asymmetric localized pulmonary edema, atelectasis, or early consolidation.  A
 repeat frontal view to include the entire chest could help for further
 assessment.
 3. Newly visible lucency at the right heart base and in the left costophrenic
 angle.  No definite pneumothorax, but attention to these areas on followup
 films is requested.
