                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest AP portable single view.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with worsening oxygenation and abdominal
 distention following ERCP.  Comment on presence of ree (?) air and also on
 lung fields, specifically infiltrates or edema.
 
 FINDINGS:  AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in
 semi-upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar
 studies obtained at 5 a.m. and 6:30 a.m. during the same day.  All three
 examinations performed at the bedside and with the patient in semi-erect
 position.  There is marked cardiac enlargement and bilateral pleural effusions
 that obliterate the diaphragmatic contours and blunt the lateral pleural
 sinuses.  Adjustment of a right internal jugular approach central venous line
 was made.  On the present examination obtained at 15:23 hours, patient is
 intubated.  An NG tube has been advanced and reaches well below the diaphragm
 including its side port.  The line terminates in a markedly air distended
 stomach.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Evidence of old multiple
 right-sided rib trauma with corresponding deformities as before.  Status post
 surgery in left axillary area also unchanged.
 
 A portable chest examination on the preceding day ___ demonstrated
 already marked cardiac enlargement and pulmonary congestion with bilateral
 pleural effusions clearly different from the next preceding PA and lateral
 chest examination of ___.  No evidence of CHF was present.
 
 IMPRESSION:  The latest four portable chest examinations clearly indicate
 cardiac enlargement, pulmonary congestion and pleural effusions located mostly
 in the posterior compartments related to patient's semi-erect position. 
 Questions raised in the requisition to comment on presence of infiltrates
 versus edema cannot be answered in such detail on these four recent portable
 single view chest examinations.  Consider consultation with cardiology
 department with regard to patient's obvious advanced CHF condition.
