                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with recent history of right pleural
 effusion, status post thoracocentesis x2, assess for interval change.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding portable AP single view
 chest examination of ___.  The patient is now examined in
 standing upright position.  There is status post sternotomy and significant
 cardiac enlargement as before.  Within the cardiac shadow, metallic portions
 of three different valve prostheses can be identified.  One is a circular
 metallic ring in the position of the aortic valve, the second one a similar
 oval-shaped ring formation in the mitral valve position, and the third one an
 open circle rather typical for a tricuspid valve annuloplasty.  Correlating
 the position of these valves to the outer contours of the heart, one can state
 that there is remaining marked enlargement of the left atrium, but the
 increased distance between the tricuspid valvuloplasty and the anterior heart
 border speaks much in favor of a right ventricular enlargement as well as an
 enlarged right atrium.  Prominence of the ascending aortic contour is
 moderate.  The pulmonary vasculature is presently not congested, and on
 previous portable examination identified edema pattern as well as evidence of
 right-sided pleural effusion has normalized.  No new parenchymal abnormalities
 are seen, and no pneumothorax is identified in the apical area.  Again
 observed is a fractured second rib in the left apical area, apparently the
 result of previous sternotomy and intrathoracic cardiac intervention.  When
 comparison is extended to the next preceding PA and lateral chest examination
 of ___, the patient is in better condition now as the cardiac
 enlargement has regressed and the pleural effusion has been absorbed
 completely.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Marked improvement of CHF in patient with history of triple valve
 replacement.
