                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with MM status post fall on the left
 side, STAT x-ray needed pre-ECT, scheduled for tomorrow.  Status post fall,
 evaluate for fracture.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 chest examination of ___.  The heart size is normal.  No
 configuration abnormality is identified.  The pulmonary vasculature is not
 congested.  Appearance of thoracic aorta is unremarkable.  Mediastinal
 structures and thoracic spine are partially obscured by two stabilization rods
 and multiple penetrating fixation screws into the vertebral bodies covering
 the entire thoracic and upper portion of the lumbar spine.  The orthopedic
 hardware appears unchanged in position.  No new pulmonary parenchymal
 abnormalities are identified.  Similar as seen on the previous examination,
 there is some local thickening of the left-sided interlobar fissure most
 likely representing postoperative scar formations.  No gross changes in
 appearance of the skeletal structures within the thorax, as seen on the
 routine PA and lateral chest projections.  Review of our image records
 indicates the performance of a unilateral rib examination of the left-sided
 chest performed ___.  On that examination, small metallic markers
 had been placed in the lower thoracic edge showing some local deformities of
 the ribs, but no evidence of acute fracture.  This area is not included in the
 present routine chest PA and lateral examination.  Comparison is extended to a
 chest PA and lateral examination of ___, the thickening of the
 left-sided interlobar fissure did not exist at that time.  Gross skeletal
 abnormalities beyond what exists in relation to the spinal stabilization
 procedure were not identified  in this patient with history of multiple
 myeloma.
 
 Telephone call was placed to extension ___in an effort to contact with
 referring physician, ___, in order to explore if patient had new
 trauma and new symptoms after the latest chest examination of ___.
