                                 FINAL REPORT
 HISTORY:  Right pneumothorax, new ETT.
 
 CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 Compared with ___, an ET tube has been placed.  The tip lies
 approximately 7.6 cm above the carina, and approximately 8 mm above the medial
 superior edge of the clavicular heads, relatively high.  An NG tube is present
 -- the tip overlies the fundus and the sideport lies in the region of the GE
 junction.  There has been interval placement of a sideplate and screws at the
 site of a previously identified right clavicular fracture.  There is slight
 asymmetry of the medial clavicular heads in relation to the sternum, with the
 joint space slightly more prominent on the right.  The known scapular fracture
 is again seen.  Multiple right-sided rib fractures are present. 
 
 No supine film evidence of pneumothorax is detected.  The tiny right
 pneumothorax seen on the CT obtained late on the evening of ___, is not
 apparent radiographically.  
 
 Note is made of slight asymmetry in the degree of opacity of both lungs, left
 more lucent than the right.  This could reflect the presence of a known
 layering right effusion and some atelectasis.   Mediastinum remains midline. 
 The heart is not enlarged.  Aside from minimal atelectasis on the left,
 including some increased retrocardiac opacity, the left lung remains grossly
 clear.  Minimal blunting right costophrenic angle.  Left costophrenic angle
 clear.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 1.  ET tube -- position above the level of clavicular heads.  Clinical
 correlation regarding possible advancement is requested.
 
 2.  NG tube -- sideport in the region of GE junction.Clinical correlation
 regarding possible advancement is requested.
 
 3.  Right clavicular, right scapular and multiple right-sided rib fractures
 again noted, with interval fixation of clavicular fracture.
 
 4.  Known small right pneumothorax not apparent radiographically.
 
 5.  Relative opacity of the right lung compared to the left likely reflects
 layering right effusion and atelectasis.
