                                 FINAL REPORT
 DATE:  ___.
 
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest, PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with shortness of breath on activity
 and orthopnea.  Evaluate for CHF or pulmonary congestion.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 PA and lateral chest examination of ___.  The heart size has
 further increased and is now considered to be at least moderate.  The
 configuration demonstrates a left ventricular contour prominence to the left
 posteriorly and there is an additional considerable bulge of the left atrial
 contour posteriorly on the lateral view.  The pulmonary vasculature
 demonstrates an upper zone redistribution pattern and some slight increase of
 interstitial structures on the bases.  There is, however, no evidence of
 advanced interstitial or central pulmonary edema.  No acute parenchymal
 infiltrates can be identified.  Peripheral thin plate atelectasis is noted on
 the right lung base.  The lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free from
 any fluid accumulation and there exists no pneumothorax in the apical area on
 the frontal view.  Lateral view demonstrates markedly accentuated kyphotic
 curvature in the thoracic spine with generally demineralized vertebral body
 and two markedly compressed vertebral bodies at level T7 and T11.  The
 kyphotic curvature results in an increased depth diameter of the chest with
 barrel-shape configuration.  Again acute pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates
 cannot be identified.  In retrocardiac position a moderately sized hiatal
 hernia is identified.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Further increase of heart size in comparison with previous
 examination 11 months ago.  Chest findings are consistent with mild degree of
 chronic pulmonary congestion with absence of acute pulmonary edema or pleural
 effusion.  No acute infiltrates are seen.  Stable appearance of previously
 diagnosed hiatal hernia.  Mild progression of heart size may be related to
 increasing mitral valve incompetence as previously diagnosed on
 echocardiography.
