                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PA AND LAT)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with congestion tightness cough  eval for pul
 etiology to sx
 
 TECHNIQUE:  PA and lateral view radiographs of the chest.
 
 COMPARISON:  None.
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 A homogeneous, peripheral 4 x 5 cm, mass-like opacity, occupying some of the
 posterior and adjacent anterior segments of the right upper lobe rests on the
 major and minor fissures, and roughly spherical on the frontal view. It has an
 irregular margin superiorly; medially it is difficult to separate from the
 juxta hilar tissue in the upper lobe. Enlargement of the right hilum and
 widening of the right paratracheal stripe are most likely due to adenopathy.
 There is no volume loss to indicate appreciable bronchial obstruction, but
 some impingement may well be present. Followup chest radiographs are
 recommended in 2 weeks to document improvement which should be seen with
 pneumonia.  In the absence of improvement, or if the findings worsen, CT
 scanning would be indicated at that time, and should be scheduled
 contingently, in advance, to avoid delay, in order to assess possible
 malignancy. There is no pleural effusion.  The right lung apex, right base,
 and left lung are generally clear, but, on the lateral view, projecting over
 the lowest to visible thoracic vertebral bodies is a 2 cm wide opacity could
 be a small, lower lobe, lung nodule or an osteophyte on end.
 
 Heart is normal size.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. Large right upper lobe pneumonia, or lung mass, and ipsilateral hilar and
 mediastinal adenopathy. Suggest repeat chest radiographs in 2 weeks, with
 chest CT scheduled to follow unless there is considerable improvement.
 Therefore the chest radiograph needs to be viewed by the radiologist before
 the patient leaves the chest radiography area.
 2. Possible basal lung nodule to be re-examined on subsequent studies.
 
 NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. 
 ___ on the telephone on ___ at 12:07 PM, 5 minutes after the
 discovery of the findings.
