                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man with increased peep requirement and possible LUL
 collapse  // interval change
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 20:53
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 An ET tube is present.  The carina is not well visualized, but the tip lies at
 the level of the mid clavicular heads probably approximately 5.0 cm above the
 carina.  An NG tube is present, tip beneath the diaphragm, overlying the
 stomach.  Right and? left chest tubes and mediastinal drains are present. 
 Right IJ sheath present, tip over proximal SVC.  The right IJ Swan-Ganz
 catheter is been removed.  No pneumothorax detected.
 
 Inspiratory volumes are slightly low.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is
 enlarged the probably unchanged allowing for differences in technique.  There
 is mild vascular blurring, but no definite CHF.
 
 Again seen is dense opacity abutting the left upper chest wall and effacing
 much of the upper zone.  There is probably also a left perihilar opacity which
 in retrospect is unchanged.  Increased retrocardiac density again noted.  The
 left costophrenic sulcus is obscured, but this may be due to overlying
 materials rather than the significant left effusion.  At the right base, there
 is new hazy opacity, possibly reflecting a small pleural effusion together
 with some atelectasis.
 
 
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. Lines and tubes, as described.
 2. Persistent dense opacity in the left upper zone abutting the chest wall,
 without definite air bronchograms.   The differential includes but is not
 limited to LUL collapse.  Some more hazy opacity with possible fine air
 bronchograms bronchograms are seen in the left perihilar region, extending
 toward the chest wall opacity, raising the question of consolidation.
 3. Left lower lobe retrocardiac opacity probably similar to prior, but the
 left hemidiaphragm is now visible, suggesting some degree of improvement.  Due
 to overlying iatrogenic material, it is difficult to assess for a small left
 effusion.  No definite left effusion at this time.
 4. New hazy root opacity right base --___ a combination of mild
 atelectasis and small effusion.
