                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man with left chest tube clamped  // eval for PTX
 
 COMPARISON:  ___ at 7: ___ am
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 Compared with earlier the same day, the left apical pneumothorax is still
 small, but considerably larger.  The pneumothorax component at the left base
 also appears slightly larger.  Minimal lucency adjacent to the lateral aspect
 of the aortic knob may also represent part of the left lung pneumothorax,
 though continued attention to this area to assess for any mediastinal air is
 requested.
 
 Again seen is extensive subcutaneous emphysema along the left chest wall, left
 pectoralis, and left supraclavicular region.
 
 The left chest tube appears similar in appearance, though the sideport now
 overlies the cardiac silhouette (previously overlying the mid lung,  just
 above the edge of the heart).
 
 The right-sided pneumothorax is also slightly larger, now seen tracking from
 the right apex along the right wall to the right costophrenic angle and
 adjoining right lung base.  There is minimal atelectasis, but no significant
 collapse, on the right.
 
 The mediastinum remains grossly midline.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is
 similar to the prior study. Retrocardiac opacity is similar to the prior film.
 Doubt CHF.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. Left apical pneumothorax still small, but considerably larger.  Left base
 pneumothorax also slightly larger.
 2. Minimal lucency adjacent to the the aortic knob may also represent part of
 the left lung pneumothorax.  Attention to this area on followup films to
 exclude any mediastinal air is requested.
 3. Extensive subcutaneous emphysema, equivocally slightly greater than on the
 prior film.
 4. Minimal interval change in position of the left chest tube.
 5. Right pneumothorax also increased, still small in width, but now seen not
 only at the right lung apex, but also along the right lateral chest wall and
 at the right costophrenic angle in the adjoining lung base.
