                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man s/p cabg with ptx on suction on CT  // eval for
 bilateral ptx
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 07:47
 
 FINDINGS:
 
 
 The patient is status post sternotomy, with mild prominence of the
 cardiomediastinal silhouette.  The left ventricular silhouette itself appears
 smaller.
 
 Again seen is left-sided chest tube, similar in configuration.  New compared
 with the prior study, there is much more extensive subcutaneous emphysema, now
 outlining the pectoralis muscle fibers and with prominent new subcutaneous
 emphysema  in the left supraclavicular fossa.  The left chest tube side port
 remains in a similar position, without obvious interval retraction.  Lucency
 at the base of the left heart and along the left chest wall inferiorly is
 compatible with the known pneumothorax.  The left apical component of the
 pneumothorax  appears less pronounced, with only a small residual pneumothorax
 seen at the left lung apex.  On the right, there is an equivocal small
 residual apical pneumothorax, decreased compare with the prior study.  Upper
 zone redistribution, but no overt CHF.  Atelectasis at the right base, which
 is more pronounced.  No gross effusion on either side.
 
 Previously seen right IJ sheath is been removed.  Small amounts of
 calcification are seen in both carotid arteries.
 
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. More extensive subcutaneous emphysema is seen on today's study, including
 prominent subcutaneous emphysema in the left supraclavicular fossa.  Left
 chest tube appears unchanged in configuration.  Clinical correlation
 requested.
 2. Left apical pneumothorax is decreased in size, though residual left-sided
 pneumothorax is likely present at the left lung base.
 3. Equivocal minimal residual right apical pneumothorax.
 4. Overall cardiomediastinal silhouette is similar, though left ventricular
 silhouette appears subtly smaller.
 5. Upper zone redistribution and right base atelectasis.  No overt CHF or
 frank right-sided consolidation.
