                                 FINAL REPORT
 HISTORY:  Status post left lower lobe lobectomy, repair of PA, question
 interval change.
 
 CHEST, SINGLE AP PORTABLE VIEW.
 
 Compared with earlier on the same day (9:35 a.m.), there has been progressive
 opacification of the left lung, with only a small residual lucent focus (~2.7
 x 2.0 cm) at the left lung apex.  As before, there is evidence that the left
 hemidiaphragm is elevated, but now the mid portion of the lung is also
 opacified.  There is slight leftward deviation of the trachea, new compared
 with ___ at 7:29 a.m. Otherwise, the mediastinum remains midline.
 
 The lucency at the left lung apex may represent either a small amount of
 aerated lung or a small loculated ptx.  No definite medial ptx component or
 penumomediastinum. However, the lateral edge of the descending aorta remains
 faintly visible.   Subcutaneous emphysema again noted, slightly improved. Left
 chest tube again noted, unchanged.
 
 There is a slightly displaced fracture or osteotomy of the left ___ posterior
 rib. In retrospect, this has been present since ___, but appears slightly
 more displaced on this study.
 
 The right lung shows mild vascular plethora, without overt CHF.  Probable
 minimal atelectasis at the right lung base.  However, the right lung remains
 grossly clear. 
 
 IMPRESSION:  
 
 1) Rapid progressive opacification of the left upper and mid lung, with
 evidence of volume loss and persistent left hemidiaphragm elevation.  Clinical
 correlation is requested in this patient status post left lobectomy.  
 
 2) Difficult to determine whether a small pneumothorax or small amount of
 pneumomediastinum is still present. No fluid level detected to suggest 
 hyrdropneumothorax.
 
 3) Slightly displaced left posterior 6th rib fracture or osteotomy. Note is
 made that the patient is s/p thoracotomy.
 
 4) Right lung clear except for mild vascular plethora and minimal basilar
 atelectasis. 
 
 
 Ordering house officer paged ar approximately 2 pm on the day of the exam.
