                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PA AND LAT)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old man with non-small cell lung cancer, possible renal
 cell carcionoma who presented with shortness of breath, found to have anemia.
 Now s/p 4units PRBCs with continued dyspnea on exertion. ?volume overload  //
 ?infiltrate vs. edema
 
 COMPARISON:   Chest x-ray from ___ at 13:08
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 The cardiomediastinal silhouette, including the markedly tortuous aorta, is
 unchanged.  There is no CHF.
 
 A small right effusion is likely present, but is not clearly changed.  Areas
 of pleural fluid seen on the lateral view do not appear increased in the
 interval.
 
 Prominent right hilum is better seen on the current examination.  Known right
 lower lobe mass is not well delineated, but may correspond to the right
 infrahilar soft tissue fullness.
 
 There is an equivocal focal opacity along the mid right chest wall laterally,
 which appears new, and a possible vague opacity at the lung left lung base
 laterally, which also appears new.
 
 A left-sided indwelling catheter is again noted, with tip in right atrium.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. No CHF or increase in previously seen pleural effusions to suggest volume
 overload.
 2. Equivocal new vague opacities in the right mid zone and left base
 laterally.  These are of uncertain etiology, but given  peripheral location,
 if real, raise the possibility of emboli.  Attention to these areas on
 followup films recommended.  Given the presence of dyspnea, further assessment
 with chest CTA could be considered.
 3. Otherwise, no focal infiltrate or opacity identified.
 4. Right-greater-than-left hilar prominence again noted.  Known new right base
 mass not well depicted, but may correspond to the right infrahilar mass.
 
 RECOMMENDATION(S):  Equivocal new vague opacities in the right mid zone and
 left base laterally.  These are of uncertain etiology, but given peripheral
 location, if real, raise the possibility of emboli. Attention to these areas
 on followup films recommended. Given the presence of dyspnea, further
 assessment with chest CTA could be considered.
