                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with aortic stenosis, cold symptoms
 and bilateral rhonchi at the bases.  Evaluate for CHF and/or pneumonia.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 similar study of ___.  There is mild cardiac enlargement.  There is
 a relative prominence of the left ventricular contour to the left and
 posteriorly but no marked left atrial enlargement can be identified.  The
 thoracic aorta is generally widened and elongated to a moderate degree and
 calcium deposits are seen in the wall mostly at the level of the arch.  The
 lateral view discloses a few semicircular calcifications within the heart
 shadow at the area of the expected aortic valve.  This finding is strongly
 suggestive of and confirms the clinical diagnosis of aortic valve stenosis. 
 No suspicious calcifications are seen in the mitral valve area and if left
 atrial enlargement is present, it appears to be mild to moderate.  The
 pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  There exists, however, an increased
 interstitial pattern on the bases, which is otherwise more translucent and
 characterized by rather low positioned and somewhat flattened diaphragms. 
 Discrete local pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates cannot be identified.  When
 comparison is made with the next preceding chest examination of ___,
 an increased interstitial markings on the bases was already present at that
 time.  As there was no evidence of pleural effusion or other signs of
 parenchymal infiltrates, the findings raise the suspicion for some idiopathic
 pulmonary basal fibrosis.
 
 The previous examination also demonstrated on the lateral view some suspicious
 small calcifications in the aortic valve area and apparently the patient had a
 similar diagnosis at that time.  Comparison suggests that the findings are
 stable, that there is no evidence of any acute left-sided heart failure with
 pulmonary congestion or pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is seen in the
 apical area.
