                                 FINAL REPORT
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old man status post MVA one week ago, now presenting with
 shortness of breath and rib pain, rule out pneumothorax or other acute
 process.
 
 COMPARISON:  None.
 
 FINDINGS:
 
 Chest, 2 vws
 
 Inspiratory volumes are slightly low.  This may account for apparent slight
 enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Within the limits of plain film
 radiography, no hilar or mediastinal enlargment is detected. Hazy increased
 opacity projecting over the lower lobe posteriorly is noted, but may be an
 artifact of underpenetration. No frank consolidation is seen and no ther focal
 opacities are seen.  No CHf, effusion, or pneumothorax is detected.  
 
 No localizing history for the rib pain is available.  Allowing for this, no
 rib fracture is detected on these lung-technique films. 
 
 On the lateral view, the sternomanubrial junction appears slightly prominent
 and poorly corticated.  If there is focal tenderness, then this could suggest
 slight distraction of the sternomanubrioial joint, presumably post-traumatic. 
 
 Small rounded lucencies in the right glenoid could represent screw tracks from
 prior surgery or, alternatively, subchondral cysts. 
 
 There is nonvisualization of the right clavicular companion shadow, which can
 be seen in the setting of right supraclavicular lymphadenopathy.  It is
 otherwise of doubtful clinical significance.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 1)  Increased density projecting over the lower lobe posteriorly  is likely
 accentuated by underpenetration. No definite infiltrate. The lungs are
 otherwise clear. 
 
 2) Mild enlargement of cardiac silhouette. However, this appears to be
 aaccentuated by low inspiratory volumes.
 
 3) Prominence of the sternomanobrial junction.  If the patient has focal
 tenderness in this location, this would be concerning for traumatic injury to
 the sternomanubrial joint. IN the absence of focal tenderness, is likely
 represents normal variation.
 
 4) No pneumothorax detected. No obvious rib fracture.
