                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  CHEST, PA AND LATERAL.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with AIDS, history of left-sided empyema
 in ___.  Having nonproductive cough and feeling of a friction rub on
 the left side.  Any pulmonary pathology, especially on the left side.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 available PA and lateral chest examination ___ ___.  There is now
 status post sternotomy (not present on the preceding examination six months
 ago).  The heart size is at the upper limit of normal variation.  Cardiac
 contour is somewhat obscured by extrapericardial apical fat pad on the left
 side and additional pleural and parenchymal thickenings suggestive of old scar
 formations.  The lateral view discloses the presence of the metallic
 components of a porcine aortic valve prosthesis in place.  There is a mild
 prominence of the left ventricular contour but no significant left atrial
 enlargement can be identified.  There is no evidence of new acute pulmonary
 parenchymal infiltrates and the right and left-sided lateral as well as
 posterior pleural sinuses are free from any major fluid accumulation. 
 Skeletal structures of the thorax grossly unremarkable.  Similar as seen on
 the preceding chest examination, a nodular density projects on the frontal
 view in the left upper lobe area overlying the posterolateral contour of the
 left-sided sixth rib.  This nodular density existed already on the preceding
 examination and has not undergone any change in size.  Had been evaluated on
 previous chest CT of ___, at which time they were considered to be
 stable and indicating benign etiology.
 
 IMPRESSION:  In comparison with the next preceding preoperative chest
 examination ___ ___, the patient has undergone sternotomy and aortic valve
 replacement.  The heart size has not changed significantly, and no pulmonary
 congestion has developed.  Prominent extrapericardial apical fat pad and
 linear scar formations on the left base existed already prior to operation and
 have not changed significantly.  No evidence of acute pulmonary processes.
