                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with Cardiogenic shock  // Interval changes
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 17:29
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 The lower left chest wall and left costophrenic angle are excluded from the
 film.  The left base is somewhat obscured by overlying breast tissue.
 
 Again seen is a right IJ Swan-Ganz catheter.  The tip is in similar position,
 overlying the distal right pulmonary artery, possibly an inferior lobe range. 
 Better appreciated on the current exam, but unchanged, there is a loop of
 catheter overlying the right heart which appears represent a loop within the
 Swan-Ganz catheter.  Again noted is a left-sided pacemaker with lead tips over
 the right atrium and right ventricle and additional leads overlying the upper
 left heart border.
 
 No pneumothorax detected.
 
 As before, there is marked cardiomegaly, with extreme left cardiac apex
 excluded from this film.
 
 Again seen is prominent upper zone redistribution and vascular plethora, which
 appears slightly improved compared with the prior film.  There is retrocardiac
 density, similar to the prior study, possibly very slightly improved.  No
 gross right effusion.  Left costophrenic angle excluded from film.
 
 Incidental note is made of clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. Right Swan-Ganz catheter tip positioned relatively distal.  In addition,
 there appears to be looping of the catheter overlying the right heart.  This
 appearance is similar to the most recent prior radiograph.   Clinical
 correlation is requested regarding repositioning.  (Note is made of fluoro
 spot views and radiographs obtained after these radiographs that demonstrate
 subsequent repositioning of the Swan-Ganz catheter.)
 2. Marked cardiomegaly, unchanged.
 3. Upper zone redistribution and vascular plethora, probably slightly
 improved.
 4. Possible slight interval improvement in the retrocardiac collapse and/or
 consolidation.
