                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  Cough and fever, patient history of pneumonia in ___, no
 followup examination.  Evaluate for pneumonia.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  The heart size is within normal limits.  No typical configurational
 abnormality is identified.  Thoracic aorta unremarkable.  The pulmonary
 vasculature is not congested.  The diaphragms are in relatively low position
 and somewhat flattened.  This coincides with increased translucency on the
 lung bases and somewhat irregular peripheral pulmonary vasculature.  In the
 mid portion of the left hemithorax, some scattered parenchymal infiltrates are
 noted laterally to the hilum and most likely represents some scattered
 pneumonic infiltrates.  The left lateral and posterior pleural sinus is free. 
 In the right hemithorax, a remarkable prominent and dense breast shadow is
 noted clearly, much larger than the breast on the left side.  Although this
 finding obscures somewhat the lung fields, there is no conclusive evidence for
 any acute infiltrate.  Noted, however, is a mild blunting of the right lateral
 pleural sinus.  When comparison is made with the next previous chest
 examination of ___, heart size configuration is unchanged.  The
 at that time existing pneumonic infiltrate in the posterior segment of the
 left lower lobe has disappeared.  The now present scattered infiltrates in the
 mid lung field in the left hemithorax, however, are new.  Also new is the
 blunted right lateral pleural sinus and comparison also demonstrates that the
 low positioned diaphragm and general findings of emphysema in the bases have
 developed since the next preceding study.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Scattered pulmonary infiltrates in the mid lung field of left
 hemithorax.  New pleural blunting on the right base.  Markedly prominent
 right-sided breast shadow.  Followup examination is recommended.  Also,
 clinical comparison of the unusual right-sided breast shadow is recommended.
