                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient, with status post motor vehicle
 collision on ___, evaluate rib fractures.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  The heart size is normal.  No configurational abnormality is
 identified.  Unremarkable appearance of thoracic aorta and no mediastinal
 abnormalities are seen.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No signs of
 acute infiltrates and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No
 remaining pneumothorax in apical area, either left or right side.
 
 Comparison is made with the next preceding chest examination of ___.  The, at that time, existing left-sided apical pneumothorax has
 resolved.  Same holds for the diffusely increased parenchymal pattern, mostly
 in central location, consistent with edema.  With regard to skeletal findings
 on this routine PA and lateral chest examination, one can notice only minor
 rib deformities on the left side in the form of local increased sclerosis in
 the posterolateral area of the seventh, eighth and ninth rib, consistent with
 callus formation.  No persistent bony separation or marked displacement is
 observed on the PA and lateral chest examination.  The acute trauma CT of
 ___ is reviewed.  At that time, multiple left-sided rib fractures were
 noted and seen to involve the left-sided third, fourth, sixth, seventh, eighth
 and ninth as well as tenth and eleventh rib.  There was never any major
 diastasis.  The present chest examination can identify local sclerosis in some
 of these sites, consistent with ongoing osseous healing.  Detailed
 visualization of all the previously identified rib fracture sites would
 require a renewed CT examination, which is hardly indicated unless the patient
 displays local relevant symptoms.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Multiple left-sided ribs demonstrating local callus formation at
 sites of previous nondisplaced fractures.
