                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PA AND LAT)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with chest tube in place on L due to c/f
 empyema  // Please perform at 5am on ___. chest tube placement, evaluate
 empyema/pleural effusions/etc
 
 COMPARISON:
 Chest x-ray from ___ at 12:45
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 Again seen is a chest tube at the left lung base.  On the current examination,
 there is an apparent small left upper lobe pneumothorax, with calcifications
 seen along the edge of the lung.  There is a tiny left effusion, with possible
 small left hydro pneumothorax.  The dense opacification in the left mid/lower
 zone is somewhat different n configuration, but overall similar in appearance.
 The cardiac silhouette is partially obscured by the opacity -- no definite
 change in the silhouette.  There is calcification at the right lung apex,
 slight offset from the ribs.  This is similar to the prior film and could
 reflect pleural thickening rather than pneumothorax.  Hazy opacity at the
 right lung base laterally could reflect the opacity seen on the recent chest
 x-ray or alternatively could be artifact due to overlying breast tissue. 
 Minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle is new, is consistent with a
 small right pleural effusion.  The right lung is otherwise grossly clear.
 
 Background parenchymal distortion is likely related to background COPD. 
 Scattered nodular densities are suggestion both lungs, but best demonstrated
 on the recent CT hand.
 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 
 1. Apparent small left apical pneumothorax, new compared with the prior exam. 
 Left chest tube is similar in configuration.
 2. Extensive left mid/lower zone opacity is overall similar.
 3. New faint hazy opacity in the right base laterally may correspond to a
 finding on the prior CT or alternatively, could be artifact due to overlying
 breast tissue.
 4. Prominent background COPD/parenchymal scarring.  Doubt superimposed CHF.
 
 
 NOTIFICATION:  Findings of new small left apical pneumothorax emailed covering
 intern and resident at the time of discovery at approximately 21:50 on ___.
