                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest AP portable single view.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with new anterior ST elevation
 myocardial infarction and cardiogenic shock, now status post intra-aortic
 balloon pump placement and intubation evaluation for pulmonary edema and ETT
 placement.
 
 FINDINGS:  AP single view of the chest was obtained with patient in supine
 position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding portable chest
 examination of ___.  On the present image, the patient is intubated
 with the ETT terminating in the trachea 4 cm above the level of the carina. 
 No pneumothorax has developed.  Overlying cables and electrodes appear to be
 external.  Identified is a catheter approached from below passing the right
 atrium and the right ventricular outflow tract so to terminate in the proximal
 portion of the left pulmonary artery.  A second external device consists of an
 intra-aortic balloon pump device that terminates appropriately in the upper
 portion of the descending aorta. Its termination point is just below the
 expected lower contour of the aortic arch.  Chest findings have changed
 dramatically since the preceding chest examination of ___ when the
 patient was in acute advanced pulmonary edema with additional evidence of
 bilateral pleural effusions.  Pleural effusions have disappeared as at least
 on the supine image the lateral pleural sinuses are completely free.  Lungs
 demonstrate still a typical pulmonary edema pattern with subtle haze
 bilaterally in the central lung regions.  These findings, however, have
 improved markedly and there is no evidence of any remaining peripheral
 pulmonary parenchymal infiltrate.  No pneumothorax is present in the apical
 area.  The overall heart size is presently not significantly enlarged as can
 be identified on a single portable chest view.  An NG tube is also seen to
 reach well below the diaphragm including its side port.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Marked improvement of patient previously in acute cardiac
 distress with pulmonary edema.  Mild degree of pulmonary edema persists. 
 Further followup examinations may be helpful to monitor degree of remaining
 edema.
