                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old woman s/p chest tube  // chest tube placement
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 18:18
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 Rotated positioning.
 
 A Port-A-Cath type catheter is present, tip probably also overlies the distal
 SVC.
 
 Again seen is cardiomegaly, with a globular configuration.
 
 Also again seen is left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation with air
 bronchograms obscuration of left hemidiaphragm.  The possibility of associated
 left pleural fluid cannot be excluded.  The upper portion left lung is grossly
 clear without CHF or focal infiltrate.  No left-sided pneumothorax.
 
 On the right, 2 chest tubes are seen at the base of the lung.  Fluid and air
 may be present tracking at the right lung apex.
 
 Compare to the prior study, there is a new large lobulated opacity along the
 right mediastinum and in the right mid zone.  A small amount pleural fluid is
 seen in the right sulcus.  The etiology of this is unclear.  Most likely
 etiology is some loculated fluid along the medial surface of the right lung,
 together with fluid along the minor fissure.  Collapse of a portion of the
 lung is considered less likely.  Surrounding the right mid zone opacity, the
 vascular markings are essentially normal, only minimally prominent.
 
 Residual subcutaneous emphysema again noted in the right supraclavicular area
 and along the right lower chest wall.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Persistent marked cardiomegaly. Globular appearance of the cardiac silhouette
 is similar to the prior study.
 
 Persistent left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation, probably with an
 associated left pleural effusion.
 
 New large opacity in the right mid zone with obscuration of the right cardiac
 border.  The most likely etiology is loculated pleural fluid, including fluid
 in the minor fissure.  If so, then note is made that a large amount of fluid
 has developed over the period of 1 day.  An area of lung collapse is
 considered less likely.
 
 2 chest tubes present at the base of the right lung.  Small amount of fluid
 seen in the right costophrenic angle.
 
 Hazy density at the right lung apex could reflect the presence of some
 tracking fluid and a possible small pneumothorax (hydro pneumothorax).
 
 If clinically indicated, CT could help to better characterize the findings in
 the right lung.
 
 NOTIFICATION:
 Given globular appearance,
