                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with bypass surgery, evaluate for
 interval change.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding portable chest
 examination of ___.  Status post sternotomy and bypass surgery as
 before.  Right internal jugular approach central venous line remains in
 unchanged position.  No pneumothorax is identified.  The lateral pleural
 sinuses remain free, whereas the lateral view discloses small amounts of
 pleural effusion blunting the posterior pleural sinuses.  Compared with the
 preoperative chest examination of ___ which consisted of examination
 in sitting position using AP frontal and left lateral view, the heart size has
 increased moderately, but the pulmonary vascular pattern does not show
 evidence of congestion.  No new acute pulmonary infiltrates are seen.  No
 evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Satisfactory postoperative chest findings status post bypass
 surgery.  Right internal jugular approach central venous line remaining in
 place.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size is normal.  No configurational abnormality is
 identified.  Unremarkable appearance of thoracic aorta and mediastinal
 structures.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or
 chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior
 pleural sinuses are free.  Skeletal structures grossly unremarkable.  Observed
 similar as on the preceding examinations, there are multiple small surgical
 clips overlying mediastinal and cardiac shadows on the frontal view and
 identified to be in the chest wall area when comparing it with the lateral
 view.  Most of these markers existed already on the preceding examination,
 however, there are new additional two markers at the lower neck area
 bilaterally.  Reason and cause of these is unknown.
 
 IMPRESSION:  No cardiac enlargement, pulmonary congestion, or acute pulmonary
 vascular abnormalities on this PA and lateral chest examination.
