                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with severe COPD and new pedal edema
 and worsening shortness of breath.  Assess for any evidence of CHF.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 similar chest examination ___ ___.  There is status post sternotomy
 and aortic valve replacement identifying the metallic components of a porcine
 aortic valve stenosis in place.  These findings are rather unchanged.  The
 heart size has increased slightly.  No typical new configurational abnormality
 can be identified.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested, nor is there
 evidence.  Marked left atrial enlargement when comparing the posterior cardiac
 wall in relation to the aortic valve prosthesis on the lateral view.  The
 pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  On the other hand, the pulmonary
 vasculature shows again the previously described marked irregular peripheral
 distribution that coincides with low positioned and flattened diaphragms. 
 Marked increase of chest diameter in depth is noted on the lateral view and
 related to a markedly increased kyphotic curvature with multiple wedge
 compressed vertebral bodies in the mid portion of the thoracic spine.  As
 before, one sees multiple peripheral small linear densities and areas of
 increased translucency rather typical for advanced COPD.  Comparison with the
 next preceding study ___ ___ does not disclose any new discrete
 parenchymal infiltrate.  Also, the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses
 remain free from any significant fluid accumulation.  Bilateral apical pleural
 thickenings are again seen and have not undergone any significant interval
 change.  Multiple rib deformities as before indicative of previously sustained
 local rib fractures.  Comparison with the next preceding chest examination
 demonstrates on the frontal view increase of the heart shadow.  This coincides
 also with a more prominent visibility of the azygos vein in the right
 tracheobronchial angulation.  Thus, these findings could suggest a volume
 increase of the right ventricle and thereto related elevated right-sided
 filling pressure, a suggestion which matches information that the would
 recommend the performance of an echocardiogram to look for possible right
 ventricular strain, tricuspid incompetence and elevated right-sided filling
 pressure.
 patient has developed new pedal edema.  To confirm this suspicion,an
 echocardiograM could be helpful. 
   No acute new parenchymal infiltrates in these advanced findings of of
 COPD.No evidence of pulmonary venous congestion.
