                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with CHF and hemodialysis-dependent
 end-stage renal disease.  White blood count ___ on Vancomycin/Zosyn, persistent
 1 liter oxygen requirement and left more than right congestion visible on last
 AP chest x-ray.  Note that the patient is oliguric and had hemodialysis this
 morning, evaluate for consolidation, infiltrate, especially evaluate for left
 heart border.
 
 FINDINGS:  Patient's condition required examination in sitting upright
 position using AP frontal and left lateral views.  Direct comparison is made
 with the next preceding single AP chest view of ___.  Direct
 comparison of the frontal views does not demonstrate evidence of any new
 pulmonary parenchymal infiltrate could be identified as pneumonia.  The
 patient is status post sternotomy and multiple surgical clips in the left
 anterior mediastinal structures are indicative of previous bypass surgery. 
 Mild-to-moderate cardiac enlargement is present.  The on previous examination
 identified perivascular haze and the pulmonary circulation has normalized to
 some degree and there is no evidence of new pulmonary pleural effusions as the
 lateral and posterior pleural sinuses remain free.  Position of previously
 described double-lumen dialysis catheter is unchanged.  No pneumothorax can be
 identified.  On the lateral view, posterior pleural sinuses are grossly free
 and thus no evidence of significant pleural effusion is present.  Review of
 multiple previous chest examinations as well as CT interventional procedure
 and reference chest examinations from other institutions beginning in ___ is performed.  Already on the first examination, one could identify a
 circular calcification overlying the cardiac apical area on the frontal view. 
 It is difficult to identify this on the portable chest examinations,
 considering the patient's bypass surgery, possibility of a calcified left
 ventricular apical aneurysm comes to mind.  Unfortunately, we have no access
 to patient's initial diagnostic procedure when the cardiac surgery was
 performed.  The interventional procedure of ___, demonstrated
 extensive arterial calcifications in the mesenteric area as well.  Noteworthy
 is that the patient at that time was successfully treated for a liver abscess.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Less marked pulmonary congestion since next preceding portable
 chest examination.  Again, no evidence of acute pneumonic infiltrate can be
 suspected to be the culprit for patient's rising white blood count.  Can liver
 abscess explain these findings?
