                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with interstitial process possibly
 related to Rituxan, improving on prednisone, compared to CT today to see if it
 is possible to follow up radiologically with plain chest x-ray.
 
 FINDINGS:  AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in
 upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of
 ___.  Sternotomy and status post aortic valve replacement as
 before.  The overall heart size has regressed in comparison with the previous
 study.  Likewise is improvement of the previously described congestive pattern
 which consisted of distended pulmonary vascular structures with perivascular
 haze and rather widespread parenchymal infiltrates in both lungs.  This
 finding has markedly improved and only a very mild degree of perivascular haze
 can be appreciated.  Lateral pleural sinuses remain free.  There is no
 pneumothorax in the apical area.  Position of previously described right-sided
 Port-A-Cath device remains unchanged.  The on previous examination described
 congestive pattern consisted of perivascular haze as well as multiple diffuse
 hazy infiltrates that have now improved markedly.  On the present examination,
 only some mildly increased interstitial markings on the bases are seen.  The
 edema pattern has practically resolved.  Again, there is no evidence of
 pleural effusion in either lateral or posterior pleural sinuses and no
 pneumothorax is seen in the apical area.
 
 This comparison between chest examination of ___ and now of ___ matches grossly the chest CT examinations of ___ and
 the present chest CT.  Comparison with the CTs examination indicates that the
 plain chest examination can monitor grossly a marked improvement in the lung
 changes that has occurred during the latest time interval.  The subtle
 remaining changes as observed on today's chest CT are difficult to quantitate
 accurately on plain chest examination.
