                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with MSSA bacteremia and left atrial
 vegetations on echocardiogram.  Evaluate now for cardiac and lung involvement.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding chest examination of
 ___.  Heart size has increased and the configuration has been
 altered.  Appearance of thoracic aorta is unchanged demonstrating a few
 calcium deposits in the wall at the level of the arch.  No new contour
 abnormalities identified.  Now evidence of bilateral pleural effusions
 blunting the lateral pleural sinuses and obscuring the outer thirds of the
 diaphragmatic contours.  Although this results in a crowded appearance of the
 basal pulmonary vessels, exist also suspicious small patchy parenchymal
 densities, which clearly seen on the right base, which deserve further
 evaluation.  On the lateral view, a mild blunting of the posterior pleural
 sinuses is seen and again the crowded appearance of the pulmonary vasculature
 makes precise evaluation of suspected small patchy densities difficult.
 
 In comparison with the previous chest examination obtained two days earlier
 whether findings were practically within normal limits present examination
 identifies the occurrence of new small amounts of bilateral pleural effusions.
 As the heart contours also have undergone a change in appearance with broader
 diameter on the bases, possibility of coinciding pericardial effusion should
 be considered.  Comparison of the pulmonary vasculature does not indicate
 significant pulmonary vascular venous congestion, there is no evidence of
 pneumothorax in the apical area.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Rather sudden onset of bilateral pleural effusions and change of
 cardiac contours suspicious for coinciding development of pericardial
 effusion.  Referring physician, ___, was paged to transmit these
 rather subtle sudden developing findings.  ___ was paged under
 #___ at 4:20 p.m.
