                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old woman s/p right thoracotomy  // ?interval change     
 .  Prior imaging studies heel the following history:  History of lung CA,
 status post left VATS and LUL wedge resection in ___, right VATS with RUL
 wedge resection in ___, found have residual cancer at staple line, now
 several days status post right-sided thoracotomy with RUL resection.
 
 COMPARISON:  ___ at 15:16
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 Rotated positioning.
 
 Tracheostomy tube in place.  Right IJ line tip over distal SVC.  Right-sided
 chest tube is present.  The chest tube extends to the apex of the right lung.
 
 A suture line is seen the base of the right apex and there is relative lucency
 above this, with paucity of vessels.  This presumably represents a site of
 postoperative air/pneumothorax.  The appearance is similar to recent prior
 films, allowing for differences in positioning.  Also again seen are lucent
 locules at the base of the right lung, which have been previously attributed
 to pneumothoraces.  Allowing for differences in positioning, I doubt gross
 interval change in the knees sees at the base of the lung.  Again noted is a
 rounded density abutting the lower right chest wall, similar prior.
 
 As before, there is prominence of the right hilum and mild prominence of
 vessels about the right hilum with slight surrounding hazy opacity.  There
 additional sites of sutures in the right mid lung.  These are all similar to
 the prior study.
 
 The left lung shows a small left effusion, unchanged.  Allowing for iatrogenic
 materials overlying the left lung apex, the left lung remains grossly clear.  
 The known left apical suture line is faintly seen.  Possibility of a small
 left apical pneumothorax cannot be excluded.
 
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Right-sided chest tube tip at right lung apex.  Doubt significant change in
 the presumed pneumothoraces at the right lung apex and right lung base.
 
 Right hilum and surrounding vascular prominence and faint opacity is
 unchanged.
 
 Left apex is obscured by overlying iatrogenic materials.  The possibility of a
 small left pneumothorax cannot be evaluated.  Allowing for this, left lung is
 unchanged.  Probable small left pleural effusion,  unchanged.
