                                 FINAL REPORT
 HISTORY:  ET tube, trauma line not bolusing.  Question trauma line
 positioning.
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ at 10:21 a.m.
 
 FINDINGS:
 
 CHEST, SINGLE AP PORTABLE VIEW
 
 The carina is not well delineated.  Allowing for this, the ET tube lies
 approximately 4.6-5.3 cm above the carina.  An NG tube is present -- the tip
 extends beneath diaphragm, off film.  Additional tubing is looped over the
 upper abdomen in the midline.  A right IJ sheath is present, tip over distal
 IJ, proximal to its point of confluence with the subclavian vessel.  Of note,
 a stent is present in this location.  An additional stent is seen along the
 expected course of the left innominate vein.  
 
 The lungs are hyperinflated.  The heart lies to the left of midline, raising
 the question of some volume loss on the left side.  There is increased
 retrocardiac density.  There are prominent interstitial markings in both
 lungs, of uncertain etiology or significance. The hila are obscured by the
 interstitial markings.  No gross effusion. 
 
 Innumerable calcific densities in the spleen suggest prior granulomatous
 disease.  Two calcified nodes are also seen along the expected course of the
 splenic artery.  Question also a calcified node in the neck.  
 
 The bones appear diffusely dense. 
 
 Compared to ___, no definite change is detected.  Increased retrocardiac
 density consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation is again
 seen. 
 IMPRESSION:
 
 1.  Right IJ sheath position appears slightly proximal to the right subclavian
 vein at the site where a stent is seen.  There is also kinking of the sheath
 at the skin.  Correlation with specifics of clinical presentation is
 requested.Targeted review of the report from a ___ chest CT refers to
 occlusion of the left subclavian vein stent.
 
 2.  Left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation and minimal patchy opacity
 at the right base, unchanged.
 
 3.  Extensive calcified granulomas, similar to prior.
 
 4.  Diffusely increased osseous density.  There is an extensive differential,
 which should be correlated with the clinical presentation.  The differential
 includes changes due to osteodystrophy.  In the appropriate clinical setting,
 osteosclerosis could have a similar appearance.
