                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with left-sided effusion, now status
 post left-sided thoracocentesis with 550 mL of fluid removed, evaluate for
 pneumothorax.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  The heart size appears within normal limits.  No configurational
 abnormality is seen.  Thoracic aorta and mediastinal structures are
 unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  The right
 hemithorax is unremarkable.  On the left, there is evidence of pleural
 effusion blunting the lateral pleural sinus and obliterating the diaphragmatic
 contours.  The density continues along the lateral chest wall and reaches the
 apical portion in the form of a minor 2 mm wide density.  As there is no
 evidence of any air-fluid level in the pleural space at any level, a new
 pneumothorax can be excluded.  The accessible pulmonary vasculature does not
 show any congestive pattern and no new acute infiltrates are seen.  Parenchyma
 of left lower lobe cannot be assessed as it is obscured by the pleural
 density.  The next preceding torso CT of the preceding day (___) is
 reviewed, so to compare via at that time existing pleural density with today's
 finding.  Paying attention to the different patient position between the two
 studies, precise detail estimate of fluid difference in the pleural space
 difficult, but a rough estimate of pleural effusion amount on the CT, compared
 to today's finding is compatible with the reported 550 mL thoracocentesis of
 pleural effusion.  Although the CT examination does not give any conclusive
 evidence for any parenchymal abnormality in the left lower lobe, the CT
 demonstrated status post right-sided nephrectomy and central liver mass as
 noted during review of the scan. 
 
 IMPRESSION:  Reduction of left-sided pleural effusion, but still moderate
 degree of remaining pleural effusion estimated to another 500 mL remaining.
