                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with history of stridor, status post
 pill aspiration, assess for evidence of aspiration, foreign body, pneumonia.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Available for direct comparison is a transferred PA and lateral
 chest examination from an outside institution and dated ___.  There
 is mild cardiac enlargement with a prominence of the left ventricular contour
 to the left and posteriorly.  This coincides with the presence of a generally
 widened and elongated thoracic aorta and probably represents sequelae related
 to longstanding hypertension.  There is, however, no evidence of any
 significant left atrial enlargement nor is the pulmonary vasculature markedly
 congested.  There is no evidence of any radiopaque foreign body within the
 lung fields.  Central airways such as trachea and central bronchi are
 unremarkable.  Trachea deviates mildly to the right at the level of the aortic
 arch but is not compromised in width.  There is no evidence of any significant
 pleural effusion in the lateral pleural sinuses.  There is no pneumothorax in
 the apical area on the frontal view.  In comparison with the outside
 examination of ___, one can observe a slightly more crowded pulmonary
 vasculature on the left lung base in retrocardiac position, an observation
 which is supported by the slightly denser appearance of the posterior segment
 of the left lower lobe on the lateral view compared to the present findings. 
 Findings observed in retrospect on the previous study, however, are very
 subtle.
 
 The elderly patient has an accentuated kyphotic curvature in the thoracic
 spine, moderately demineralized vertebral bodies, but no evidence of any
 vertebral body compression fracture.
 
 Within the normal heart shadow, one can identify a few coronary arterial
 calcifications within the heart shadow which, however, is not surprising
 considering patient's advanced age.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Borderline heart size and generally widened thoracic aorta. 
 Absence of significant pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of acute
 infiltrates, no radiopaque foreign body identified.  Absence of any detectable
 pulmonary atelectasis or pneumothorax are encouraging findings considering
 patient's history.  Referring physician, ___. ___ was paged at 3:45
 p.m.
