                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PA AND LAT)
 
 INDICATION:  History: ___F with cough, chest soreness  // eval for pneumonia
 
 COMPARISON:  None.
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 There is platelike opacity in the right mid zone, new compared with ___.  The appearance is more suggestive of platelike atelectasis at an an
 acute infiltrate, is new compared with ___.  It is associated with
 slight retraction of the minor fissure.  Otherwise, no focal opacities are
 identified.
 
 Background hyperinflation and minimal bibasilar atelectasis is again noted. 
 Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, with heart size at the upper limits of
 normal.  The aorta is calcified and slightly tortuous, similar to prior.
 
 Again seen is rightward deviation of the trachea, slightly more pronounced
 than in ___.  This was attributed to a known left thyroid nodule on the prior
 study.
 
 Minimal blunting of the lateral left costophrenic angle is new compared with
 ___.  No CHF or gross effusion.
 
 Vertebral bodies are poorly delineated, likely due to osteopenia.  Mild
 thoracic vertebral body  wedging is probably similar to the prior study. 
 Background degenerative changes are also present.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Platelike density in the right upper zone.  This most likely represents
 platelike atelectasis, but early changes of a pneumonic infiltrate would be
 difficult to exclude.
 
 Otherwise, no focal infiltrates, CHF or gross effusion.  Minimal blunting of
 left costophrenic angle is noted.
 
 Rightward deviation of the trachea is again noted, slightly more pronounced. 
 By report, the patient has an associated left thyroid nodule.  Clinical
 correlation is requested.
 
 
 RECOMMENDATION(S):  Recommend followup chest radiograph to confirm resolution
 of the platelike opacity in the right mid zone.
 
 Rightward deviation of the trachea is again noted, slightly more pronounced. 
 By report, the patient has an associated left thyroid nodule.  Clinical
 correlation is requested.
