                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with severe diastolic CHF, atrial
 fibrillation on Coumadin, RHD, CAD, COPD, severe mitral and tricuspid
 regurgitation, now with hypoxia.  Evaluate for pneumonia versus edema.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with the patient in
 upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of
 ___.  Massive cardiac enlargement as before.  Most advanced is
 the enlargement of the left atrium typical double contours on the frontal
 image, and massive extension of the posterior contour posteriorly on the
 lateral view resulting in corresponding deviation of the descending thoracic
 aorta.  Right cardiac structures and position of pacemaker electrode also
 indicate extensive enlargement of the right atrium as well.  The permanent
 pacer remains in unchanged position in the left anterior axillary area and the
 single intracavitary electrode terminates in a position compatible with the
 apical portion of the enlarged right ventricle.  The pulmonary vascular
 pattern again shows typical upper zone redistribution pattern consistent with
 longstanding chronic pulmonary congestion.  There appear now also interstitial
 markings on the bases consistent with interstitial edema, but no evidence of
 acute central edema is identified.  No new local discrete pneumonic
 infiltrates are identified.  Comparison with the next preceding study of
 ___ demonstrates increased accumulation of fluid in the lateral
 as well as posterior pleural sinuses finding which was not present at least to
 the same extent on the previous study.  Search for intracardiac calcifications
 on the lateral view showed suspicious mitral valve calcifications which were
 confirmed also on the next preceding chest CT examination of ___.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Stable marked cardiac enlargement (Cor Bovinum) with evidence of
 chronic pulmonary congestion, increase of pleural effusions since next
 preceding chest examination of ___, but no evidence of new
 inflammatory parenchymal abnormalities.  Thus, the cause of patient's CHF
 symptoms is cardiogenic and there is no radiologic evidence of acute pulmonary
 infection.
