                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  Chest, PA and lateral.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with rapidly progressive
 glomerulonephritis, possible vasculitis as a cause.  Has some crackles on
 examination which may be due to pulmonary edema but renal failure versus form
 of vasculitis?  Is there pulmonary edema or evidence of mass?
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 similar study of ___.  There is now moderate cardiac enlargement
 which has increased in comparison with the previous study where the heart was
 deemed to be slightly enlarged.  The present configuration demonstrates a
 prominence of the left ventricular contour to the left and posteriorly, and
 there is also evidence of some moderate left atrial enlargement.  The thoracic
 aorta is moderately widened and elongated but does not demonstrate any local
 new contour abnormality.  The pulmonary vasculature demonstrates an upper zone
 re-distribution pattern and in addition increased interstitial markings are
 noted at the lung bases, most likely representing interstitial edema.  The
 pleural sinuses, however, remain free from any significant fluid accumulation,
 and there is no evidence of new discrete pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates. 
 No evidence of pneumothorax exists in the apical area.
 
 On the lateral view, there is no conclusive evidence for intracardiac valve
 calcifications; however, close to the expected aortic root, there are some
 semi-linear calcifications apparently located in the most proximal aortic
 wall.  There is no evidence or suspicion for any acute pulmonary mass lesion.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Increasing heart size with prominence of left ventricular contour
 and increasing chronic pulmonary venous congestion with interstitial edema. 
 These changes have clearly progressed since the next preceding examination of
 ___.  Possibility of cardiogenic cause of increasing pulmonary vascular
 congestion could be considered.  A renewed echocardiogram may be of value.
