                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  CHEST PA AND LATERAL.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old female patient with cough, shortness of breath,
 evaluate for infiltrate.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright
 position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding
 similar chest examination of ___.
 
 Heart size is not enlarged.  No configurational abnormality is present.  The
 entire thoracic aorta is rather widened and elongated and shows advanced
 calcium deposits in the wall at the level of the arch.  The pulmonary
 vasculature is not congested.  However, there is a markedly irregular
 distribution of the peripheral pulmonary vasculature characterized by a local
 streaky scar densities and localized areas of increased translucencies.  This
 finding in conjunction with the generally low positioned and flattened
 diaphragms is typical for COPD.  Also noted is that the patient has a rather
 deep chest diameter as identified on the lateral view including an accentuated
 kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine.  In addition, one can identify
 multiple well-demarcated densities partially of calcium density most likely
 representing mediastinal nodes.  When comparison is made with the next
 preceding chest examination of ___, the described changes
 existed already at that time, thus findings are grossly stable.  Comparison of
 the frontal views, however, identifies a small density in the left mid lung
 zone overlying the crossing between the posterior portion of the sixth left
 rib and that of the anterior portion of the fourth left ribs.  This very small
 less than 0.5 cm diameter density cannot be identified on the old film and
 thus it is recommended to be followed up in a few weeks.  Other most likely
 chronic changes have not undergone any significant alteration.  There is no
 evidence of acute pleural effusion and no pneumothorax is seen in the apical
 area.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Findings compatible with COPD.  No acute parenchymal infiltrates
 or CHF.  Small left lesion in mid lung zone recommended for followup
 examination.
