                                 FINAL REPORT
 EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)
 
 INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with strokes, intubated with large fluid
 resuscitation  // assess for pulmonary edema
 
 COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___.
 
 FINDINGS: 
 
 An ET tube is present.  The tip lies approximately 3.5 cm above the carina. 
 An NG tube is present, tip extending beneath diaphragm, off film.
 
 An additional similar-appearing tube is present and overlies the upper
 mediastinum, slightly distal to the carina.  Clinical correlation is requested
 --___ an additional tube been placed or does this represent tubing outside the
 patient?
 
 Left subclavian central line tip lies in the region of the cavoatrial
 junction, unchanged.  No pneumothorax is detected.
 
 Rotated  lordotic positioning and low inspiratory volumes.  Allowing for this,
 the cardiac silhouette is enlarged, but probably similar prior.
 
 Again seen is opacity at the left base grossly similar to the prior film, a
 probable slightly improved.  The extreme left costophrenic angle is obscured
 by an EKG lead.  Possible minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle.
 
 Vascular plethora is noted, but could be accentuated by low lung volumes.
 
 Thin linear density at the right lung base is likely artifact rather than
 pneumothorax is vessels are seen projecting beyond it.  On the right, there is
 atelectasis, but no definite consolidation.
 
 IMPRESSION: 
 
 Lines and tubes as described.  As noted, there is a third tube projecting over
 the mediastinum from a cranial approach.  Clinical correlation is requested
 --___ this lie outside the patient?
 
 Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unchanged.
 
 Vascular plethora, consistent with CHF.  This appears more pronounced than on
 the prior study, but is likely accentuated by technical factors.  No gross
 effusion detected on either side.  A small left pleural effusion may still be
 present.
 
 Suspect slight interval improvement in opacities previously seen at the left
 lung base.
