                                 FINAL REPORT
 TYPE OF EXAMINATION:  CHEST, PA AND LATERAL.
 
 INDICATION:  ___-year-old male patient with productive cough, shortness of
 breath and chills, evaluate for pneumonia.
 
 FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views have been obtained with patient in
 upright position.  There is mild cardiac enlargement.  The presence of
 multiple surgical metallic clips mostly in the anterior mediastinal structures
 is indicative of previous bypass surgery and probably mammary artery
 anastomosis.  The absence of sternotomy wire in this junction is remarkable
 and indicates the possibility of postoperative problems with sternotomy
 healing.  Thoracic aorta is unremarkable and no evidence of local contour
 abnormalities is present.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No
 evidence for acute pneumonic infiltrates anywhere in the lungs.  On the other
 hand, there is evidence of pleural thickenings, mostly on the right lung base
 and along the right lateral chest wall, indicative of old pleural scar
 formations.  Minor scar formations exist also on the left base, but again no
 evidence of any acute infiltrate in the parenchyma is observed.  The lateral
 and posterior pleural sinuses are free from any fluid accumulation.  There is
 no pneumothorax in the apical area on the frontal view.  Skeletal structures
 demonstrate an accentuated kyphotic curvature in the thoracic spine with
 moderate degree of degenerative changes in the form of bridging osteophytic
 reactions, mostly anteriorly to the vertebral bodies.  Remarkable is also
 rather large depth diameter of the thorax.
 
 Our records do not include a previous chest examination available for
 comparison.
 
 IMPRESSION:  Status post bypass surgery, no evidence of acute pulmonary
 congestion, no signs of acute pulmonary infiltrates.  Pleural thickenings on
 the bases, more on the right than the left.  Absence of sternotomy wires is
 remarkable.  Correlate these findings to clinical manifestations and history. 
 If previous chest examinations from other institutions can be identified, a
 comparison might be of value.
